Semantic Data s00167
Practice:
finger short  long  dirty  clean  black  white  hairy  rough  soft  fat  large  long.
couch sit on  small  large  comfey  uncomfortable  leather  colorful
Experimental:
burlesque a composition that imitates or misrepresents somebody's style  usually in a humorous way
lace a delicate decorative fabric woven in an open web of symmetrical patterns
jigsaw tool used to cut wood
millipede any of numerous herbivorous nonpoisonous arthropods having a cylindrical body of 20 to 100 or more segments most with two pair of legs
huts pizza hut  village for indians
splashy water a drink  some type of machine.
approximation a proxitment guess or choice. The act of bringing near or bringing together.
people tall  short  black and white  humans  society.
urge The tendency to want to do something. A rush that makes u go after something.
furnish give something useful or necessary to. provide or equip with furniture
locus the set of all points or lines
piped put together  metal  strong
understudy someone who has a role under the main actor. basically like vice president under the president
craggy having hills and crags
fitting exercising. using plumbing equipment to fix something.
four a square  number  connect four the game
addicting games  tv  smoking  drinking  clubbing  partying  sleeping all day.
cortical of or relating to a cortex
domain Denominator of a math problem
partial semi or little of something.
bore tired  nothing entertaining going on  sleepy
visitation guest  hospital  nursing home  asylum
slid waterslide  park 
dither
rental something borrowed  sharing of someone elses property.
accumulative marked by acquiring or amassing
payload goods carried by a large vehicle
amble a leisurely walk
predict to guess before an actual event takes place.
millionth
ribbon something worn to represent an award or something that deserves recognition
dealer car dealer  dealer on gambling table  drugs  someone in charge
tantamount don't know
offensive team that has the ball  usually someone trying to score.
walked dogs  people
bowels The center of the earth
interlace spin  wind  or twist together
battlefield war  halo  some place were people die.
shearing remove by cutting off or clipping
fallacy don't know
understand to comprehend or to make sure an objective has been made clear
native american  or an indian
presumption a kind of discourtesy in the form of an act of presuming
harbor a place of refuge and comfort and security
blends to put together thoroughly  mixtures
acid amino  battery acid  something that burns the skin  sour taste  harsh or corrosive in tone
logarithm the exponent required to produce a given number
damsel young unmarried woman
subsidence The sudden collapse of something into a hollow beneath it
gratuity don't know
yarn a fine cord of twisted fibers. used when sewing.
lode a deposit of valuable ore occurring within definite boundaries separating it from surrounding rocks
ditch a canal in the ground. fill with water sometimes.
bedrooms place to sleep  laps  tv's  dressers  bathrooms included sometimes.
overlaid sleeping over the expected amount of time
compact closely and firmly united or packed together
idea something that comes to mind. sometimes an invention made up.
battalion an army unit usually consisting of a headquarters and three or more companies
oats seed of annual grass.
ballet a theatrical representation of a story that is performed to music by trained dancers.