Semantic Data S00186
Practice:
finger is part of the human hand  is flexible to a degree  is used for typing  writing  playing the piano and other functions that a human being might need for touch. 
couch is a piece of furniture  is usually comfortable where people can sit or lounge  often used to sit while visiting with other people  reading  or watching television 
Experimental:
burlesque is a dance style that is sensual in nature  that involves entertainment with men  women usually dance seductively for entertainment of men. 
lace is a soft  delicate fabric that is used often for women 's clothing  for example collars on shirts  it is also used for bedspreads and other types of decorative household item. 
jigsaw is usually a type of puzzle where pieces are put together to form a picture of scenery or something of beauty  it is often difficult to find the pieces that match so that the picture will be complete. 
millipede something small
huts are usually places where people stay like a house but are more causal in nature  they may be in the camping areas or more rural areas  they usually do not have the amenities that a house would have.
splashy is associated with a splash in water  the movement of water  but could be a noticeable outfit or appearance.
approximation associated with a measurement  an amount of time  measurement of space that is closely accurate but not exact.  
people the human being race  they are men  women  children  teenagers and infants.
urge usually a desire to do something that might be impulsive.
furnish give something to someone like furniture to someone 's house.
locus a bug that makes noise that is annoying and bothersome  it is an insect that serves its own purpose along with other insects.
piped refers to something that has pipes  like a house has pipes or a building has pipes
understudy a person who studies with another person who is helping the person with something-usually an actor with his lines for a play or movie who also may take the actor 's place is he cannot make the performance. 
craggy someone who is upset or complaining
fitting something said that means it is most likely appropriate to do something or that something has happened.
four is a number that is after three and before five  like one  two  three  four  five.   
addicting something that is creating a desire to continue something  like a habit or craving  
cortical something that is stressful 
domain is similar to a territory or place that a person or animal my think they are in charge of.  
partial part of something but not the whole thing.
bore something or someone who is not entertaining or may be considered boring.
visitation a visit from someone  like another person. 
slid like sliding down a hill but in the past.
dither to dally or take your time with something.
rental something that is not owned but is used for a payment to the owner  like an apartment.
accumulative something that adds up over time  like a dept or payment.
payload usually associated with a business that is paying a group of employees  it would be their total payment.
amble to have plenty
predict to determine a future action  like what will happen next in the stock market.
millionth a number that represents a million times or the person that is number million. 
ribbon is a piece of material that is usually soft and colorful  that is used for decorating items like dresses or tablecloths.
dealer usually a person who deals something like a deck of cards or the person might be in charge of making a deal with a purchase of something.
tantamount something that is big and important  like a marriage of royalty.
offensive something that is not pleasing but offends a person.
walked a past tense reference to walking someone walked somewhere in the past.
bowels pieces of a dish set that are round and hold food.
interlace to connect with something  like networking. 
battlefield a place where a battle occurred.
shearing to cut someones hair usually  like cutting a lambs coat of hair off. 
fallacy is associated with making a mistake  it is an error of something.
understand to know something with full apprehension.
native someone or something that is a natural part of a land or area. 
presumption to presume that something is true  to thing you know something.
harbor a boat dock or place to place boats usually associated with water.
blends something that mixes well like a fruit shake.
acid a liquid that is able to break down other liquids usually associated with acid reflex in a person 's stomach.
logarithm a measurement
damsel a woman  a way to refer to a women without saying woman but can be feminine.
subsidence a substance of something.
gratuity a gratitude of thanks that is usually associated with an amount of money left for a service like waiting tables.
yarn a thread that is put together in a way that a person can use that yarn to make a blanket or a piece of fabric.
lode an amount to carry. 
ditch an area that is usually filled with a little water but is not large enough to be a stream. 
bedrooms a group of rooms that are usually in a house that have furniture that makes it comfortable for someone to sleep there. 
overlaid to place concrete or brick on top of wood or something else  usually associated with building.
compact a smaller version of something  like a smaller car rather that a larger car.
idea a thought that is creative and is associated with a plan of action to do something.
battalion a battle force like a group of men that are trained to work together to protect their neighborhood or go to war.
oats a food that is nutritious and is associated with carbs.
ballet a dance that is very difficult to perform and requires a lot of training  it is usually associated with being entertaining and difficult and gentle.
