Semantic Data S00201
Practice:
finger is soft  is long  has a fingernail  is sensitive to heat  used in grasping  used to point.
couch is a type of furniture  used as a seat  is a place to sleep  is moderately expensive  has cushions.
Experimental:
burlesque is a parody  is funny  is comical  is humorous  is literary.
lace is soft  is elegant.
jigsaw is a saw  is used for cutting  is often related to puzzle  is narrow  is electric.
millipede is an insect  is slow in speed  is defenseless  is fuzzy  has no eyes  is small.
huts are small  are often cylindrical  are made of natural materials  are shelters. 
splashy is involving liquid.
approximation is a close idea  nearly an amount  is related to math  is related to measurements.
people have emotions  are nice  are mean  are unique  are smart  have rotating thumbs  can talk  can walk  have backbones.
urge is demanding  is pushy  can be bothersome  can be dangerous  
furnish to decorate  to install seats and tables  to enhance an area   to provide  to sponsor  to endorse. 
locus are insects  have wings  are bothersome  can fly  have eyes  make noise  
piped having pipes  having a transport system.
understudy a role player  a replacement  a substitute  a back-up  a performer  is prepared.
craggy having rocks  being jaded  being sharp  being rough  being steep  being broken.
fitting being compatible  being normal  being typical  being right  being suitable  having appeal  being ordinary
four a number  a group  is related to math  is an age.
addicting having power  causing one to be dependent upon  is habitual  is well-liked.
cortical is related to the cerebral cortex  is dealing with the brain.
domain is related to math  is related to the internet  a region  a governed area.
partial is not complete  is rude  is disappointing.
bore is a hole  is cylindrical  is hollow  is deep  is narrow  is wide.
visitation is enjoying  is related to jail  is related to nursing homes  is free time  is a privilege.
slid is related to playgrounds  is related to baseball   is related to falling.
dither is caused by fear  is an emotional reaction  is act of shaking.
rental is borrowed  is related to a car  is temporary.
accumulative is collective  characterizing a group  is mass  is large.
payload is related to money  is related to work  is beneficial
amble is slow  is a walk  is soothing  is peaceful
predict is related to science  is a guess.
millionth is last  is after several  is related to money  is related to math.
ribbon is related to a bow  is a type of decoration  is thin  is typically bright  is light.
dealer is a supplier  has product  is demanded  has money  has appeal  is smart  is successful.
tantamount is equal to.
offensive is harsh  is mean  is bad  is rude  causes negative emotions  is wrong.
walked related to movement  related to energy release.
bowels related to the abdomen  related to the intestine  the interior  contain things.
interlace to cross  to weave  to intertwine  related to unity.
battlefield is related to war  has blood  has war  has people  is a place of violence  brings forth emotion  is depressing  is historical.
shearing relating to being cut  being removed  is related to hair  is related to a sharp object.
fallacy is wrong  is an act of deceit  is false.
understand to know  to comprehend  to process  to be able to teach.
native of the origin  to be initial  is related to Indians.
presumption is a preconception  is an assumed idea  can be incorrect  can be correct  can be dangerous.
harbor a place  having boats  surrounded by water  near marine life  related to imports.
blends relating to a mix.
acid is chemical  is dangerous  causes burns.
logarithm is related to math.
damsel is pretty  is related to fairy-tales  is a female  is not royal
subsidence a settling  an acceptance  is related to a decrease.
gratuity is related to loans  is related to restaurant  causes consumers disappointment  is helpful to waiters/waitresses.
yarn is soft is multiple threads is played with by cats  is rolled up  is used for knitting.
lode is rich  is a supplier  is a source.
ditch is deep  is muddy  is long  is narrow  has water typically  has banks. 
bedrooms are comfortable  have electrical outlets  have light switches  have walls  have doors  have lights  have beds.
overlaid related to decoration  related to a covering.
compact is small  is related to CDs  is related to make-up.
idea is a thought  causes other thoughts  can be dangerous  can be useful  
battalion is related to war  is a large group  related to fighting.
oats related to cereal  used for food.
ballet is an art form  is a form of dance  has dancers  is related to mirrors  is related to a stage.
