Art	is subjective, can be beautiful, can be disturbing, can make a statement, can be physical, can be aural, can be visual, can be performed, is often trapped in exhibits, is everywhere, is appreciated, is necessary, helps us to understand life, relieves us, inspires us, rules us, cannot be shoved in a box, is tangible, is intangible, can be eaten, can be loved, can cause controversy
Art	painting
Art	beutiful, paintings, sculptures, is found in museums, can last a very long time, if your good at it you can become famous by doing it, most popular during the rennisance era
Art	Art: is an expression, many kinds, painting, music, drawing, poetry, building, etc. expression of artist, can be beautiful, happy, sad, scary, a lot of detail or very simple
Art	is the product of imagination, can be in many different types of medias (sculpture, water-color, paint, etc.), can be concrete or abstract, can be in a museum.
Art	paintings,visual constructions that evoke certain emotional responses   
Art	used to express one's self, is a painting, is music, is dance, is sometimes cooking
Art	work, museum, mona lisa, art hill
Art	boring, france, colors, paint, people, 
Art	A form of expression 
Art	medium of communication used to give feelings that arouse an individuals intellect or deeper emotions
Art	abstract, modern, a expression of personal feeling
Art	interesting and difficult to create
Art	is a form of expression. Ex: music, dance, theatre, paintings, etc.
Art	creativity, artist
Art	passion, expression, salvador dali, painting, pencil, canvas, brushes, color, vivid, bright, detail, museum, inspire
Art	painting
Art	fancy, good or bad, many types
Art	Beautiful, creative, paints, colors, complex, simple, ideas
Art	is a way to express yourself
Art	expression, creativity, paint, gallery
Art	is beautiful, is colorful, is shown almost everywhere, can be done on paper, can be done on a computer, can be used to decorate a house, can be in black and white, can be sorrowful, can be happy, can be confusing, is hard to make, can be easy to make, requires skill, requires time, has been around for many many years.
Art	Is a picture, is a painting, is someones work, is colorful, done on many objects,
Art	drawings, paintings, pictures, buildings, streets, school
Art	beautifulexpressionsmusicclaypaintingdrawlingmonetflowers
Art	drawing, painting, coloring, kniting. unique way of expressing yourself, classes available
Art	Something you make 
Art	includes paintings, is something appealing to the eye
Art	Drawing, painting, coloring a picture of some sort. A for of ability not everyone has. 
Art	picture, artist, singer, song, musician, fine arts, people have trying views about art, on canvas
Art	creative, colorful, amazing, beautiful, talented, unique, skilled, painting, drawing, chalk, artist 
Art	abstract thinking, liberating, form of expression
Art	Michelangelo, statues, contrast, lighting, photography, colors, dynamic, sculptures, paintings, coloring, crafts, scrapbooking,  
Art	expresses feelings, can be almost anything, is enjoyed by people
Art	Is interesting, is hard to do
Art	expression of emotion and feelings, perception, paint, drawing, pottery, hand made items, crafting, self proclainmed work 
Art	form of creativity, takes different forms, is in eye of beholder, can trigger all different kinds of emotions, uses either lots of color or no color, is part of emotion, humans make it, it is not living.
Art	fun, unteresting, amazing, drawing, painting,coloring, creating
Art	paintings, drawings, beautiful, pictures, gallery, displays, sculputers, artists, good at something
Art	a painting, sculpture, drawing, something that someone creates using a medium
Art	beauty, abstract, van Gogh, expression, work, Mona Lisa, Paris, colors, vivid, museum
Art	the way some people express themselves, can be drawing, painting, singing, dancing, acting, some people do it more or better than others, can be a thing of pure beauty, can make you think in different ways, a way to create something that could never exist in reality, 
Art	is a talent, is a major, is entertainment, is a means of expression, is creative, is science, varies from person to person
Art	humanities, colors, sculptures, bodybuilders
Art	paintings,scultures,showing your emotions
Art	up to ones own interpretation, shows feelings, can cost a lot, can be done by anyone 
Art	painting, perspective, color, creativity, individuality
Art	Sculpture, drawing, painting, music, dance, performance, pottery, beauty, picture, photography
Art	is creative, is imaginative, is extraordinary, had many different forms, is music, is drawing, is painting, is singing, is dancing
Art	an expression of the mind. expressed in many ways
Art	color, light, paint, gallery, 5th grade art class, crayons, picture 
Art	is moving, is provoking, is introspective, comes in many forms, is a creative production,
Art	painting, coloring, drawing, sketching
Art	beautiful, made by painting or drawing on paper, also comes in forms such as music or theater, displayed in museums
Art	Art can be anything that expresses anything.  Many works of art express emotion or feeling, others are just for fun.  Art is from coloring to architecture.
Art	is creativeness and imagination. Art is anything you can get away with. Something to belive in.
Art	Creative, imagination, canvas, paint, colors, abstract, vivid, paintbrush, hidden meaning, and stress reliever.
Art	paintings, music, sculptures, dance, expressing ones self, beautiful
Art	paint, drawing, music, rhythm, pictures, carving, illustrations, 
Art	Is very expensive, nice to look at, painted/sculpted with skill, people pay to look at, makes people think, tells a story.
Calculate	you can do it by hand, you can do it with a calculator, isn't a noun, is a verb, is involved with numbers often, is done by people, used to judge the state of others
Calculate	math
Calculate	helps us solve math problems, figures outs distances and equations, can be used on a calculator, deals with numbers, used everyday
Calculate	Calculate: a mathmatic term, add, subtract, multiply, devide, formulas, equations, find soultions, calculator
Calculate	is figuring out the answer, is solving the problem, is adding or subtracting numbers to come up with an answer.
Calculate	the process of using mathematical processes to compose a necessary answer  
Calculate	is a mathematical term, has to do with problem solving
Calculate	calculator, numbers, math, dislike
Calculate	math, computer, numbers, calculator, hard, equations
Calculate	Putting numbers together in certain order to get a solution
Calculate	logical thought, problem solving, critical thinking
Calculate	to compute something. 
Calculate	computing an answer
Calculate	is to find the answer to something.
Calculate	Used in math, figures number, finds a sum
Calculate	to find, calculator, to enter numbers, to seek an answer
Calculate	equation
Calculate	to add, to multiple, to divide, find the answer.
Calculate	Sum, figure, solve
Calculate	is a form of figuring something out
Calculate	ends in an answer, helps solve problems, counting, you can use a calculator
Calculate	is used in math, is used by mathmaticians, is used to answer questions, is strived to be done by people, 
Calculate	Extention of the brain, makes life easier, 
Calculate	math, problems, calculator, solving
Calculate	mathhomeworkdatalaps sciencegraphs
Calculate	math class, a calculator, used to figure distance or numbers, find a solution
Calculate	in math. you calculate problems. 
Calculate	is a process of solving a math problem
Calculate	Math, how to do an equation, a way of figuring something out. 
Calculate	Math, calculator, brain, intelligence, an operation, done in math, 
Calculate	adding, subtracting, multiplication, division
Calculate	math, difficult, long process
Calculate	math, addition, subtraction, division, equation, formula
Calculate	used for math, results in a answer, involves numbers, involves adding, involves subtracting, involves multiplication, involves division
Calculate	Math,
Calculate	arithmetic, compiling numbers and getting solutions, 
Calculate	an action, is combined with math, humans do this, has no emotion, is an action on an object, no smell, no taste.
Calculate	math, calculator, add, put together, averages, figure something out
Calculate	math, numbers, calculator, equations, school, jobs, researching, counting, a command to do something
Calculate	when you put two or more things together, use this a lot in math to calculate equations
Calculate	math, numbers, theories, science, analysis, homework
Calculate	something a calculator does, what you do in math, involves numbers and signs, it is a problem or puzzle to solve, putting things together to come to a conclusion, 
Calculate	to determine an answer, associated with math
Calculate	calculator, math, equations, taxes
Calculate	to figure out an exact answer
Calculate	used with math, determining the answer
Calculate	calculator, numbers, computer, math, equation
Calculate	math, calculator, figure out, compute, 
Calculate	is a way to figure out a problem, is math, is calculator, is numbers
Calculate	to solve
Calculate	calculator, computer, numbers
Calculate	is to manipulate information, 
Calculate	math, calculator, equation
Calculate	used in math and science for formulas and measurements; refers to a cold, heartless, analytical individual
Calculate	Calculate is when we add, subtract, multiply, divide, or really do anything to crunch numbers.  Calculate usually refers to math terms.
Calculate	something you do when figuring out mathematics. you can also calculate a measure of something else such as a weather pattern.
Calculate	math, answers, calculator, and equation. 
Calculate	to think of an answer, to come to a conclusion, sometimes in math, thinking.
Calculate	accounting, add, subtract, divided, math, count, sum, diffrence
Calculate	a calculator, to figure a math problem.
Chocolate	people love it, you can dip strawberried in it, is made from cocoa, Ghiardelli makes it, Hershey makes it as does Nestle, tastes good in cookies, is edible, is typically eaten in desserts, candy bars often contain it
Chocolate	delicious
Chocolate	delicious, brown, comes in different shapes and textures, fatening, is created from co co beans, 
Chocolate	Chocolate: is a sweet, different trypes, people eat it, tastes sweet and rich, treat, used in baking
Chocolate	is good for you, gives you endorphins, some people are allergic to it, it can be milky, dark, white or mixed with nuts and other things.
Chocolate	a tasty treat derived from the coco bean, a sweet taste and brown color
Chocolate	is a sweet food, is used in candy, is made with milk, is brown
Chocolate	good, brown, hersheys, food
Chocolate	brown, fatty, candy, tasty, dark, milk, semi-sweet
Chocolate	A food made from coco beans
Chocolate	sweet, pleasing, tasty, edible
Chocolate	delicious, used in baking, in lots of candy, women love it, 
Chocolate	sweet tasting candy, melts in your mouth and comes in a varies of flavors
Chocolate	is a candy that most people love.
Chocolate	opposite of vanilla, ice cream, candy
Chocolate	delicious, strawberries, versatile, candy, vending machine, rich, creamy, ice cream
Chocolate	candy
Chocolate	food, candy
Chocolate	Love, good, rich, women, candy, 
Chocolate	is a delicious candy
Chocolate	brown or white, sweet, makes people happy, romantic gift
Chocolate	Is delicious to most, can be melted, can be dark, can have nuts, comes in many forms, Charlie and the Chocolate factory, is brown, is white, is a desert, is loved by most girls, can bring about happiness
Chocolate	Brown, tastey, chewey,
Chocolate	candy, snickers, kids, engery, 
Chocolate	candy expensivebrownlovelusthungry
Chocolate	could be icecream or candy, food, used to eat
Chocolate	Yummy, brown, candy, 
Chocolate	is edible, is brown, used as ice cream flavor, is a candy bar
Chocolate	Delicious treat, snack, or dessert, something everyone likes to eat or taste. 
Chocolate	dark, sweet, bitter, black, lab, doggy, hershey, kisses, chocolate bunny, chocolate rain, reeses, johnny depp, french
Chocolate	sweet, dark, white, light, brown, yum,
Chocolate	dessert,comfort food, derived from cocoa beans which come from Mexico, various things can be eaten with chocolate
Chocolate	sugar, delightful, vanilla, candy, topping, icecream 
Chocolate	enjoyed by people, is sweet, tastes good, is eaten
Chocolate	Is a candy, is dark, is unhealthy, tastes good
Chocolate	milk, dark, white, coco beans, comforting delicious, snack, treat, junk food, candy, mini size, king size, chocolate bar, Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory, Hershey's chocolate, 
Chocolate	made of cocoa, yummy, loved by most humans and animals, makes dogs sick, smells sweet, tastes like amazing, can be big or small, costs money, looks thin or thick, has elements of nutrients inside, can be various flavors or kinds
Chocolate	good, sweet, yummy, fatning,valentines day, brown, soft, melts easily, delicious, many flavors
Chocolate	candy, brown, sweet, bars, wrapper, spending money, gift, brands, Russel-Stovers (don't know if it is spelled right)
Chocolate	a candy, Hershey's, mars, snickers, milky way, wonka, sweet
Chocolate	tasty, brown, square, sugar, cake, food, melted, girls
Chocolate	candy, brown, sweet, comes in many different forms, many different tastes, something girls crave, melts if it gets too hot, something you eat for dessert, if you eat too much your stomach will hurt or you will gain weight, a snack, something you get on halloween, given as a treat, m and m's, hersey's kisses, reeses, butterfinger, kit-kat, milyway, snickers, 
Chocolate	is made from coca, has many forms, is delicious, makes people happy, is sweet, a type of flavor, often brown, made by many companies,
Chocolate	candy, millky way 
Chocolate	delicious desert
Chocolate	made from coco beans, can be addictive, brown, sweet, used to make fondue, used with smores 
Chocolate	disgusting, creamy, smooth, rich, cake, dessert
Chocolate	delicious, dark, light, milk, white, cake, candy, cocoa
Chocolate	is food, is delicious, is brown, is dark, milk, white, is candy
Chocolate	a flavor deriving from the cocoa plant. 
Chocolate	hersheys, hershey park, brown, silk
Chocolate	is sweet, is usually dark in color, is slightly bitter, 
Chocolate	vanilla, ice cream, syrup
Chocolate	some kinds are dark, milk, and white; used in many desserts; very tasty but unhealthy in large amounts; contains caffeine; my favorite food; type of ice cream and cake
Chocolate	Chocolate is the dessert (usually) made up of coco beans often times.  It is usually a treat or dessert.  It is a sugary snack that the majority of Americans enjoy.
Chocolate	Chocolate is typically a dessert which is particularly described as candy.
Chocolate	twix, cravings, happiness, fattening, delicious, breakouts, and sugar.
Chocolate	brown, food, sweet, used in cooking, melts, has many shapes
Chocolate	brown, good, candy, chocolate chip cookies, charlie and the chocolate factory, craving food, strawberries and chocolate
Chocolate	is brown, tastes good, makes you fat, makes you feel good and bad, goes with everything.
Closed	door, shut, finished, irrefutable, is past, over with, no returning, windows, opportunity, loss, loneliness, isolation
Closed	open
Closed	means something isnt open, unable to get in, not in service, 
Closed	Closed: is opposite of open, many things can be closed such as boxes, stores, jars, doors, factories, etc. it can be temporary or long team, it can be tightly closed
Closed	is the opposite of open, is shut-off.
Closed	opposite of open, sealing of and opening, a store or business that is not currently open for operation
Closed	is shut, means a place is not functioning
Closed	door, store, building, mouths
Closed	stores, banks, not open
Closed	Opposite of open. 
Closed	set, hidden, stubborn
Closed	Not open, 
Closed	not open or business or serving people
Closed	is when something is shut and will re-open the next day.
Closed	store, end of the day
Closed	not open, no longer in service, open later, night
Closed	not open
Closed	not open, can't go through
Closed	Minded, shut, opposite of open
Closed	is the opposite of open
Closed	opposite of open, means not able to get in, its over
Closed	is not open, do not enter, is done for now, doors are shut,
Closed	is shut, not open, can't go through, 
Closed	not open, no activity, 
Closed	sadhungrystoresnightlunch
Closed	opposite of open, a closed door, or opportunity, something no longer available
Closed	Can't open 
Closed	not open, cannot get through, not public
Closed	not open, cant go through or in. 
Closed	not open, sign, no dice, no business, shut down
Closed	not open, can't go in, 
Closed	closed doors or closed opportunities, typically a negative connotation.
Closed	unopen, locked, 
Closed	does not allow people to get in, occurs mostly at night
Closed	Door,  is dark, 
Closed	finished such as a show or something of entertainment value, no entry, blocked off, a door can be closed and therefore no one is there or the person would like privacy. 
Closed	signal, not open, appearing not there, a word, no smell, no taste
Closed	not open, can't get in, shut down, broken
Closed	door, store, business, not open
Closed	when something is not available at that time, the opposite of open
Closed	shut, hostile, sadness, unwelcoming, door, emotions, oppurtunity
Closed	not open, can not go through, blocked off, want to know what is on the other side, not accessable, cant see past it,
Closed	not open, unavailable, is used to indicate a place is unavailable for interaction, describes some people's minds, 
Closed	shut, not open, door
Closed	not open blocked of
Closed	too late, blocked, not open
Closed	open, door, close minded, closed store, closed for registration
Closed	trapped, blocked off, shut, not open, 
Closed	is an adjective, is not open, something is shut
Closed	not open. completed
Closed	roads, late-night
Closed	is unpassable, is stubborn, is uninviting
Closed	open
Closed	not open, describes something unavailable to be used as an exit or entrance to someplace
Closed	Closed means not open for the most part.  It means something is not going on anymore or it is shut down.
Closed	Opposite of open. When a store is closed you can not go in.
Closed	captioning, not open, go away, turn around, better luck next time, and good bye. 
Closed	not open, cant go through
Closed	not available, blocked, stop, shut
Closed	not open, shut doors, closed of business, not able to buy things.
Clown	bright, colorful, many people are scared of them, hidden, false, class clowns, honk their noses, spray water from flowers on their lapel, tell jokes, entertain children, shakespeare uses them in his writing for exposition often
Clown	colorful
Clown	a physical character that tries to be funny, are associated with circus's, many people are frightened by them, wear make up and funny clothes that can look a variety of different ways.
Clown	Clown: a funny person, can be dressed up, circus, some people fear them, can be a class clown, loud, obnixous, prank, goofy
Clown	is a person who is supposed to be funny and involved with a circus, many people are afraid of because of Chucky, have white make-up on their faces with a squeaky, red rubber nose, usually has a curly wig, a crazy costume, and huge shoes.
Clown	a funny bright character that invokes happiness in children, some people are frightened by these due to phobias 
Clown	is scary, lives at a circus, is dressed funny, wears face paint, has a big red nose, wears baggy clothes, wears very large shoes
Clown	scary, big feet, red nose, parades
Clown	scary, wig, red nose, big shoes, tall, creepy, painted face, blue, red, yellow, polka dots
Clown	Circus figure that uses humor and tricks to entertain; funny. 
Clown	funny, awkward, fake, performance
Clown	Fear of many people, a person that runs around in bright clothes and tells jokes
Clown	scary performers
Clown	is a costume someone will dress up to be. They blow up balloons and sometimes are at kids birthday parties. They are also used to scare little kids as well.
Clown	Funny, sometimes scary, carnival, balloons
Clown	makeup, circus, movie It, humor, funny, hula hoops, little cars, polka dots, rubber nose, balloons
Clown	is funny
Clown	frightens people, scary, happy, sad
Clown	Scary, funny, big nose, red shoes, painted face, carnivals, circuses
Clown	is a circuse act
Clown	makeup, scary, makes balloons, wears a wig, red nose
Clown	is scary to some, is happy to most, wears a big red nose, is lively, moves around a lot, rides a tiny bike, rides a huge bike, does crazy things, comes with a circus, Elephants, rodeos, saves lives at rodeos, packs in a tiny car,
Clown	make-up, big shoes, red nose,
Clown	kids, circus, funny, games, parties 
Clown	sadhappywhiteredblueorange hairfunnycircusbig top
Clown	rosie cheeks, painted face, big feet, crazy hair, could be on stilts, or blowing up balloons, at a childrens birthday party or state fair
Clown	Funny
Clown	is a person, has face paint, is funny, can scare children, fit into small cars, wear big shoes
Clown	Mask figure making people laugh, usually at younger kids birthday parties. 
Clown	scary, the movie it, red noses, poofy hair, stupid jokes, balloon animals, rainbows
Clown	scary, happy, face paint, funny, weird looking
Clown	fake, birthday event, red nose, big shoes, white make up with outlandish features i.e. big lips, big red hair
Clown	scary, entertainment, circus, re nose, crazy hair
Clown	funny, scary, laughs a lot, participates in circuses, has odd makeup, odd colored hair, very obnoxious
Clown	Is a performer, is funny, is colorful, in the circus 
Clown	jester, painted face, comedian, kids birthday parties, goofball, makes balloon animals, pie in the face, IT, 
Clown	is a person, is a human, looks scary, or happy, goes to kids birthdays, tries to make people laugh, are dopey, smells like nothing, tastes like nothing
Clown	scary, colorful, mean, trys to be funny, annoying, makes kids laugh, joke, circus
Clown	person, circus, juggling, colorful, face paint, big red shoes, crazy hair, funny, clumsy, entertaining, scary, mysterious, smile, balloons
Clown	an entertainer with lots of make up on the face, has big shoes, and a red nose, wears baggy clothing with lots of colors, kids normally like them
Clown	scary, zombie, birthday, red nose, colorful, shoes, makeup, big hair
Clown	someone with a lot of makeup, has big fluffy curly hair, has baggy clothes, has big shoes, can be very funny, makes objects with balloons, has a flower has squirts water in your face when you smell it, always wearing a smile, can be scary to some people, a goofy person
Clown	is scary, is meant to make people laugh, is found in circuses, the joker, someone you thinks they are funny, a person that is funny, an entertainer.
Clown	scary, the movie It, 
Clown	someone who makes a lot of people laught, big red nose
Clown	scary to some but a treat to others, uses makeup, has a red nose, uses a horn, pile into a small car, makes people laugh
Clown	funny, face paint, scare my best friend, horn, goofy
Clown	red nose, colorful, big shoes, polka dots, party
Clown	is a noun, is funny, is scary, wears paint, does jokes
Clown	a figure used in circus or festival settings. associated with lots of colors, funny hair, goofy.
Clown	weird, children, 
Clown	have painted faces, scare some children, make some children laugh, have abnormally large shoes and other disproportional features, 
Clown	circus, funny, paint, scary to people
Clown	circuses, wear silly, colorful costumes, wear big shoes and big red noses, supposed to be funny but are actually scary, ride around in tiny cars with other clowns or circus characters, used in rodeos to distract bulls
Clown	A clown is someone who makes jokes.  Real clowns are ones painted who can juggle and do tricks of that sort.  Other clowns are people are pulling pranks and cracking jokes.
Clown	Clowns are ideas of a funny painted face and a lot of colors. They have funny laughs and a button red nose.
Clown	funny, scary, IT, circus, balloon animals, and entertainment. 
Clown	a dressed up person in funny clothes, makes jokes, makes people laugh and have fun, some people are scared of them.
Clown	scary, funny, birthday party, parties, happy, joke, person who do trick and acts
Clown	Face painted white, a big red nose, dressed in funny clothes, can fit in small cars, can juggle, scare many people.
Comment	a short reply, people do it to Facebook posts and pictures, teachers write them on papers, theatre and literature can make social ones or political ones, people make them, they can be spoken, they can be written, many people have one for everything
Comment	facebook
Comment	a thing someone says or notes about something eles, facebook, can be good or bad, 
Comment	Comment: is a statement made about something, can be good or bad, input, idea, popel make them
Comment	is saying something in regards to something you've just seen, heard, felt, or experienced, is usually your opinion.
Comment	a small statement about a person,thing, or action
Comment	is a response, is a added saying to a conversation, is input on something
Comment	facebook, random, funny, 
Comment	opinion, statement, talking, 
Comment	Adding input 
Comment	note, opinion
Comment	person's say in a matter much usually opinionated.
Comment	remark about a certain topic
Comment	is to give your opinion about something. It may be wanted or unwanted. 
Comment	Responding to someone else, giving someone your two cents
Comment	statement, sentence, words, conversation
Comment	opinion
Comment	opinion on something, feedback
Comment	Opinion, Facebook, 
Comment	is something someone says
Comment	response, opinion, fact
Comment	Can be good, can be bad, can make someone feel uncomfortable, can hold a lot of meaning, can hold no meaning, is neutral, is loud, is quiet, voicing opinion
Comment	note, 
Comment	remark, words, opinion, voice, 
Comment	worktypingyour opinionblogs
Comment	a statement made about a subject, an opinon, used in conversations
Comment	is what I am doing now. 
Comment	is a noted observation, is a remark about something, criticize or praise something
Comment	Statement made about something as a point of view or fact or the matter. 
Comment	short saying, Facebook, 
Comment	nice, mean, 
Comment	good/bad, depending on how it was received by the person.
Comment	remark, answer to a question, critique 
Comment	is a sentence, is a interjection, states something, is a reply
Comment	Facebook
Comment	a statement that holds someones opinion and beliefs. someone adds a comment they are expressing themselves, can be a like or dislike, can be written or stated. 
Comment	a remark of someone, humans say these, taste like nothing, no smell, an added word or phrase to anyone else's words, makes conversation possible.
Comment	opinion, what you think, what you want to say
Comment	giving feedback about something done or said, speak, write, concerned, helping someone out, can be negative or positive
Comment	a reply to somebody's statement
Comment	Facebook, YouTube, unkind, discussion, mean, ignorant
Comment	something you say in response to a stimulus, something you can post of facebook, an idea in your head, the sentense when you explain your feelings,
Comment	to say something, negative or positive, to give opinion on a matter, verbal or written, 
Comment	remark, statement
Comment	give your opinion on a matter
Comment	used on facebook, remark, added piece of information
Comment	snide, rude, happy, can hurt, can lift someone up
Comment	give input on something, 2 cents, 
Comment	is your opinion, is a question
Comment	a statement about an object or occurence
Comment	comment box, imput
Comment	is an opinion, is a response to something else
Comment	good or bad or both, feedback
Comment	is a statement of opinion about something; can be rude or constructive
Comment	A comment is something someone makes about something or someone else.  It can be negative or positive.  Comments can be constructive or hurtful.  It is what someone says about someone or something else.
Comment	a comment is something regarding something else that was said.
Comment	face book, two sense, and input. 
Comment	something said or writen, having an opinion, stating something
Comment	talking, opinion, remark, note, facebook
Comment	saying something, adding your opinions.
Communist	the government controls the economy, is seen as evil in the United States, is a political party, were people that ruled China, is a person, were hunted during the cold war, people tha ttook over many countries after WW2
Communist	rude
Communist	russia, china, equallity amoung a country, not very many rights, has a main dictator, type of government, has failed many times in history
Communist	Communist: is a supporter of communism, a member of a political organization
Communist	is someone who believes in a government that is all-powerful and has control over everyone under it.
Communist	a radical social belief that all goods should be shared with all people of a society, soviet union, china 
Communist	is a supporter of Communism
Communist	Form of government, Cuba, Red, Cold War
Communist	russia, mean, socialist, hatred
Communist	
Communist	collectivist, commune, equality, altruism, egalitarianism, government, authority, ideology 
Communist	type of government, usually badly represented, WW2, Soviet Union
Communist	Russians or others looking to a different government style.
Communist	is the reason for the Cold War. China and Soviet Union were a big part of this. 
Communist	China, Controlling, an undesired government, no freedom
Communist	Robert J Oppenheimer, war, red, bad, negative, court
Communist	sharing
Communist	bad, wrong thinking
Communist	China, 
Communist	is a person who lives in a community
Communist	china
Communist	Is Joseph Stalin, Is overruling, was used in the Soviet Union, was as ruling as the Nazis
Communist	terrorist, 
Communist	social, political
Communist	governmentchinatyrantthe color redwar
Communist	a word i hear about but could not give words to describe, an unfamiliar word to me
Communist	Stalan, Russia, Germany, Cuba, China.
Communist	is a person, Russian, believes a certain political policy
Communist	Type of dictatorship, one ruler in charge of everyone. 
Communist	russian, korean, mccarthy, 1960's, cuba, karl marx, marxism, castro, china, USSR, socialist, stalin, mussolini, kruschev, cold war
Communist	controlling 
Communist	China, Red, Total control, regardless of job, it is still the same pay, extreme way of thinking.
Communist	Hitler, dictator, 
Communist	someone with socialist ideals, believes in social equality, usually someone in poverty
Communist	China, unfair
Communist	red scare, Blochevicks, Soviet Union, China, 
Communist	control, dictatorship, history term, 
Communist	not free, dictator, unfair
Communist	type of government, not liked, frowned upon in our country
Communist	a ruling with only one person in power. china and russia are communist countries. everyone is treated the same except for the person in rule
Communist	red, Russia, oppressive, vodka, Stalin, China, Cold War
Communist	someone who supports communism, one group of people holds all of the power of the government, someone who controls the economy
Communist	associated with Soviet Union, China, North Korea, and others; an extreme socialist, government revolves around one political party, goal is to spread the wealth among the party, viewed as bad by most westerners, associated with Karl Marx, associated with a loss of rights.
Communist	Russia, Germany, Animal Farm
Communist	china and russia people
Communist	cold war, Chinese, whats mine is yours, shared
Communist	lifestyle, choice, beliefs, ethics, morals
Communist	Russia, control
Communist	wants everyone to be equal, can be dangerous, Russia used to be run by Communists
Communist	communist nation is one that divides the wealth up evenly among its people. everything is supposed to be equal but it is usually ran by one ruler
Communist	Germany
Communist	type of economy, represents equallity, 
Communist	Russia, dictators, Hitler, 
Communist	someone who takes sum of goods from a place and distributes them among all individuals evenly
Communist	A word that usually relates to Russians.  A Communist is someone who believes everyone in their society should get paid equal, no matter what their career is.  The color red is often associated with Communism.
Communist	is a government ruled thing. I like communism.
Communist	Russia and China. 
Communist	bad, no rights, rules over people, bad person, leader, manipulative, evil.
Communist	an political party, rule, socialism, capitalism,
Communist	is a person, unhappy, has a hard life, is not happy with their government, lives in Europe.
Conceited	is an adjective not a noun, is a way that a person can act, is involved in opinions, is involved in appearance, is often mean towards others
Conceited	bitch
Conceited	selfish, someone who only cares about themself and how they feel, not very nice, a characteristic someone can have
Conceited	Conceited: is when a person feels very good about themself, cocky, people that are very good looking or rich may express this
Conceited	is someone who only thinks of themselves in a situation and not those around them.
Conceited	arrogant,proud of ones own accomplishments
Conceited	is favor of someone, is an idea, is elaborate, is imaginative
Conceited	self centered, rude, popular
Conceited	girls, popularity, bragging, annoying, 
Conceited	Proud of oneself
Conceited	self absorbed, prideful, arrogant, self fulfilled
Conceited	full of yourself, overly cocky, thinks everything revolves around them.
Conceited	reserved 
Conceited	is when you are way more into yourself than you should be.
Conceited	obsessed with yourself, look down upon others
Conceited	obsessed, themselves, oneself, inner, attractive
Conceited	self absorbed
Conceited	thinking highly of yourself, being better than other, prettier, stronger,faster, smarter
Conceited	Cocky, stuck-up, 
Conceited	is not a good trait to have
Conceited	self absorbed, overbearing love of yourself
Conceited	is shy, is not saying something 
Conceited	proud, 
Conceited	proud, happy of self
Conceited	stuck uppopularbossesparents
Conceited	one who looks highly upon themselves and is self centered, thinks they can nearly do no wrong, all about themselves, thinks they are amazing
Conceited	Self centered. 
Conceited	is someone who is selfish
Conceited	Cocky, thinks theyre better then everybody else. 
Conceited	stuck up, spoiled, cocky, snooty, The French 
Conceited	stuck up, full of them-self
Conceited	someone who thinks highly of themself, they aren't typically liked by all because of the negative vibe they give on people.
Conceited	self-esteem, vanity, egotism, complacency
Conceited	acting self absorbed, being excessively proud, can make other people mad
Conceited	Is selfish, is mean
Conceited	snobby, stuck up, shallow, selfish, 
Conceited	emotion, attitude, better than you inference, wrapped up in self, can be in all species, has no physical form, something we feel
Conceited	mean, girls, high matienece,full of ones self, rich, pretty, social, no morals, not nice, unconcerned about other
Conceited	opinion of someone's ability or appearance, rumors, talking about someone behind their back
Conceited	when someone thinks highly of themselves
Conceited	self esteem, beauty, corrupt, pride, condescending 
Conceited	someone who is stuck up, thinks they are better than you, most likely rich, has a lot of nice things, thinks highly of themselves, mental picture of a person walking around with thier nose in the air, gets anything that they want, throws a fit if they dont get what they want, think the world revolves around them
Conceited	full of ones self, a jerk, cocky, irrational favoring one's self, stubborn, 
Conceited	superior, proud
Conceited	full of yourself
Conceited	having an excessively favorable opinion of one's abilities, appearance, having own opinion 
Conceited	people, self centered, rude, snob, obnoxious
Conceited	self-centered,rude, loud, pushy, self-righteous
Conceited	is an adjective, means you think very highly of yourself and let others know it, can be used to describe people
Conceited	self centered or selfish. to be into one's self
Conceited	jerk
Conceited	is negative, is unconducive in relationships with others
Conceited	stuck up
Conceited	is a trait of a snobby, spoiled individual; refers to someone who thinks they are superior to others
Conceited	Conceited is when someone is way too into themself.  Someone who is conceited is always bragging about themself.
Conceited	Full of one's self. Cockiness.
Conceited	over confident, annoying, snobby, big headed, and stuck up. 
Conceited	very happy with themselves, conscience of self, has a big head, thinks one's self is great.
Conceited	stuck-up, vain, big talking, phony, know it all, big head, hot stuff, cocky
Conceited	
Earthquake	a phenomenon when the tectonic plates shift beneath us, happens below the Earth's surface, its effects are felt on the Earth's crust, are natural, are studied by seismologists, can be measured, someone named Richter found them fascinated, rarely happen in Missouri
Earthquake	shaking
Earthquake	devestation, shaking, tectonic plates that are colliding, death, disaster, the country Turkey, can cause tsunamis, 
Earthquake	Earthquake: a vibration of the earth, can happen on land or in the earths interior, can be very settle and small, can be very large and damageing, most happen in the pacific ring, falts in the earths surface can be a cause, can make people scared
Earthquake	is a small or large tremor in the Earth, happens on a fault line, can be destructive or just disruptive.
Earthquake	a shaking of the ground, natural disaster, tremors that cause destruction to cities and the surrounding area of effect
Earthquake	is a tremor, is measured, is a natural disaster, is caused by tectonic plates
Earthquake	end of the world, faults, scary, moving, A Cinderella Story
Earthquake	shaking, cracks, distruction, destroy, big, 
Earthquake	Natural disaster that is caused by a shift in fault lines causing the ground to shake
Earthquake	violent, terrifying, tragic seismic activity
Earthquake	Plates moving against each other then a sudden release of energy causing violent shaking
Earthquake	seismic activity, earth shacking 
Earthquake	is a natural disaster.
Earthquake	scary, Earth's Plates, Happened in Oklahoma recently
Earthquake	scary, earth, ground, terror, natural disaster, levels, calaifornia, hollywood
Earthquake	shakes
Earthquake	loud, shaking, rattling
Earthquake	Destruction, shaking, damaging, 
Earthquake	is a form of natural disaster
Earthquake	shaking, destroys things, leaves people homeless, causes fires
Earthquake	is detrimental, is lifetaking, is scary, is lively, is lifechanging, is landchanging, is large, has stages, has aftershocks,
Earthquake	Oklahoma, destruction, san fransisco bridge, 
Earthquake	shaking, california, scary, moving, movement, falling, buildings
Earthquake	oklahomacaliforiniaFamily force 5stuff breakingmovieslosing peopledeath
Earthquake	a natural disaster, a lot of shaking, dangerous, occurs on a fault line
Earthquake	Japan, is movement of plates under the ground
Earthquake	is a natural disaster, occur frequently in California, are often destructive in smaller countries
Earthquake	Ground shakes, stuff falls and crashes down, run for cover and hide. 
Earthquake	tsunami, japan, haiti, fissure, tectonic planes, seismograph, rictor scale, 
Earthquake	loud, shake, crack, scary
Earthquake	occurs when tectonic plates shift, causes destruction depending on the strength of an earthquake
Earthquake	natural disaster, plates, volcano, mass destruction, taking cover
Earthquake	results in destruction, occurs because of shifting plates, considered a natural disaster, can kill a lot of people
Earthquake	Is scary, is dangerous
Earthquake	earth tearing apart, shaking, terror, walls breaking down, fault lines, things falling from buildings and ceilings. causes fear, natural disaster, 
Earthquake	shaking feeling, crumbles streets or homes, can be big or small, is a natural disaster, has after effects, earths plates shifting cause s this, 
Earthquake	shakey, scary, dangerous, world disasters, ground, distruction 
Earthquake	disaster, shaking, cracked roads, when two plates under earth collide, buildings collapsing, strong or weak
Earthquake	when the earth shakes. severity is determined by the ritcher scale which goes from 0-10. 10 is the worst earthquake and 0 being the least effective. 
Earthquake	death, grief, shaking, destruction, Joplin, Japan, hurt, restoration efforts
Earthquake	when the ground shakes, when the plates of the earths crust scrape by each other, make buildings fall, makes large waves that crash onto the land, a natural disaster,
Earthquake	destruction, happen on fault lines, cause the ground to shake, cause fear, cost many lives, is a an act of mother nature, shapes the world, and make tsunamis
Earthquake	chaos, fear, mixxed emotions
Earthquake	shaking of the ground
Earthquake	a natural disaster, haiti, the earth shakes, damages buildings
Earthquake	scary, destruction, aftermath, shaking, unpredictable
Earthquake	shaking, fault movement, Tsunami, destruction, 
Earthquake	is a natural disaster, shakes the world, can be minor or major, can cause lots of damage, can be very dangerous
Earthquake	shift of the earth's tectonic plates causing the earth to shake
Earthquake	shaking, splitting, falling, Haiti, rumbling, smashed cars, collapsed buildings
Earthquake	is destructive, is natural, is underground, is collision of plates, geographically alters terrain,
Earthquake	Haiti, california, richter scale
Earthquake	natural disaster during which tectonic plates in the earth's crust move past each other and cause the ground to move and shake causing destruction
Earthquake	Earthquake is a natural disaster that shakes the ground.  It can crack the ground and ruin many things on it like buildings.  Earthquakes shake incredibly.
Earthquake	They are measured by the richter scale. They usually occur when the Earth is shifting.
Earthquake	dangerous, natural disaster, and shaking. 
Earthquake	the ground shaking, tectonic plates moving, cracks form on the ground, scary, natural disasters
Earthquake	shaking, houses faltering, shock, shake, japan, Missouri, California 
Earthquake	gaps in the earth, causes major destruction, people die, biuldings are destroyed.
Fair	a carnival, makes traffic congested in July, there are contests at them, people enjoy them, they have food, they have games, they have entertainment, people long to be it, teachers think that they are it, a light color of skin, unless that is an adjective
Fair	rude
Fair	being equal, just, not showing favoritism towards one side or the other, is a appealing action to most people
Fair	Fair: is being equal, treatment, unbiased, people can be it, businesses and countries can be it, based on own judgement, seen differently by different poeple or places
Fair	is the opposite of unjust, is when two sides of an argument get something they way, is when someone gets what they deserve.
Fair	reasonable, righteous to the situation, equal for all parties involved in the conflict  
Fair	is good conditions, used to describe weather, is equal for both sides, is a medium or average
Fair	ferris wheel, games, Grease, trade 
Fair	rides, stands, people, candy, cotten candy, kids, laughter, screaming, 
Fair	Equal
Fair	right, just, carnival, festival
Fair	a concept to show equality
Fair	fine, okay
Fair	is when two or more things are equal to each other.
Fair	light skin, pale, Not fair
Fair	level, balanced, rules, even, sports, eye to eye
Fair	complexion
Fair	even
Fair	Skin, rules, 
Fair	is when something is understandable
Fair	color of skin, very light/ similar to a carnival, has rides, has shopping booths, lots of food, lots of games, lots of music
Fair	not wrong, given the same amount, given the right grade, is not unfair,
Fair	is equal, is the same on both ends
Fair	even, everyone has a chance, 
Fair	skinneda queen or kinggovernmentdemocrocysnow whitefairy tales
Fair	fair rules, keeping things even, treating others as you would like to be treated
Fair	fair skin is lightly complected.
Fair	is just, what is right in a given situation, not great or poor, not foul in baseball
Fair	not taking side, staying more in the middle of something. 
Fair	rides, funnel cake, fat people, price, admission, acceptable, unbiased, 
Fair	reasonable, nice
Fair	can be used as adjective. ex. a fair decision. it is hard to describe what is fair and unfair.
Fair	equal, trade, 
Fair	is balanced, is equal
Fair	County fair, is just, is right
Fair	even, equal, share, game, 
Fair	fun place, smells of cotton candy and funnel cakes, has rides, tastes like junk food, has prizes, has games, kids like to go, made of lots of steel and metal things, humans run them
Fair	right, justice, doing what's right, law
Fair	parades, rides, cotton candy, fried foods, games, competitons, honost, equal, just, trustworthy, loyal, poor, not the best, opposite of good
Fair	when the outcome or solution benefits two or more parties
Fair	pretty, just, county, lively, noisy, ribbons
Fair	when two sides reiceve the same thing, it is something a referee tries to make a sporting event, 
Fair	equal, not achieved often, disputed, subjective, same opportunities for two parties, many definitions
Fair	justice, equality 
Fair	being equal
Fair	free from bias, dishonesty, justice
Fair	food, fun, family, friends, tradition, root beer
Fair	mild, average, nice, 
Fair	is an adjective, is equal
Fair	reasonable or average
Fair	justice, ferris wheel, cotton candy, dirt, people
Fair	is equalness, is a place with rides, is pursued but often not attained
Fair	equal
Fair	describes a situation in which everyone feels they are satisfied  and equals and everyone gets what they deserve
Fair	A fair could be like a state fair in which its a carnival.  The fair is a place many cities enjoy having for recreation.
Fair	Fair is the agreement between an argument
Fair	game and equal. 
Fair	pale, equal to both sides of something, light skinned.
Fair	equal, carnival, square, straight, generous, average 
Fair	Is a big event, has carnival rides, barbeque is served, people enjoy themselves.
Habit	biting your nails, they form, are hard to break, can be broken, are used as an excuse for actions, whistling, singing in the shower, sometimes become addictions
Habit	bad
Habit	something you do without knowing, constent, unable to help yourself from not doing it, 
Habit	Habit: is something learned, bad or good, people pick them up through time, many differnt ones
Habit	is a mannerism or action that is common to a person, can be bad, good, or neutral, isn't easy to break if it's old, can be hard to form.
Habit	a repetitive activity that is unconsciously done,nail biting
Habit	is a action that is done on a regular basis, is an action that is repeated multiple times
Habit	habitat, biting nails, tweeting, facebook
Habit	continuous, everyday, problem, hard to break
Habit	Act done by someone without thinking/knowing about it
Habit	repeated mannerisms or actions, hat worn by nuns
Habit	a behavior that is repeated often when given similar stimuli, can be positive or negative
Habit	something someone does without knowing
Habit	Is something you tend to do with or without thinking about actually doing it. You may like to do it or it helps you relieve stress/tension. 
Habit	Hard to break, can be bad or good
Habit	everyday, all of the time, repitition, automatic
Habit	is hard to break
Habit	addiction, fun doing
Habit	Bad, routine, engraved
Habit	is something you do without thinking about it
Habit	could be bad or good, continuing occurrence 
Habit	are hard to break, live in each person, can be good, can be bad, to lock the bathroom door, is a neutral word, to procrastinate
Habit	repeat, do over,
Habit	what you do, repeat, over again
Habit	anyoing bitting nailsconstanthobbies
Habit	could be a good habit or a bad habit, something that is continuously done
Habit	something people do constantly or cannot stop doing. 
Habit	is something people do a lot, is a behavioral pattern
Habit	Something that you do all the time and is hard to break. 
Habit	ritual, every day, 4 days to make, 40 days to break, bad habits/good habits, 
Habit	annoying, can't get rid of, 
Habit	Everyday action, hard to stop, good and bad habits
Habit	Bad, Biting nails, Eating to much, Goals to break habits, 
Habit	can be good or bad, involves repeatedly doing something 
Habit	Is something everyone has, can be good or bad
Habit	collecting, doing something to relax or put the mind at ease. something that is not easily ended or given up, difficult to stop or quit.
Habit	is an action, repeated action, occurs in all species, 
Habit	hobby, addiction, favorite past time, used to doing something, can't help it, hard to change
Habit	doing the same thing over again, can be bad or good, everyone has them, biting your nails, saying certain words, eating certain food all the time, watching TV, getting on Facebook
Habit	could be good or bad, something that somebody does repeatedly without being aware of it 
Habit	fingernails, bad, manners, stop, dogs
Habit	something you do without realizing it, the way you sit, the way you talk, the way you walk, something that is learned over time, can be hard to break your self of,
Habit	reoccurring unintentional action, can be compulsive, can be created, can be creepy, is consistent behavior
Habit	something you do for fun, something you do on a normal basis
Habit	a thing that you do many times
Habit	can be good or bad, pattern, tendency 
Habit	smoking, addiction, repetition, control, continuous
Habit	An action that is done without thinking, routine event, everyday thing
Habit	is something you do all the time and is hard to break, can be good, can be bad
Habit	something one repeats frequently
Habit	addiction, biting nails, 
Habit	is a repeated behavior, can have positive or negative reprecussions, is formed based upon personallity and frequency of behavior
Habit	constant doing of something
Habit	learned routine of the body, can be good or bad, must be formed over long period of time
Habit	Habit is something that people tend to do often.  Habits can be difficult to break because you get so used to doing it often.
Habit	Things you do all the time unconsiously because of the pleasure that comes from it.
Habit	hard to break, repetitive, sometimes annoying. 
Habit	something someone always does, does without thinking about it, biting nails, shaking foot
Habit	tendency, addiction, obsession, custom, bad 
Habit	a common act, something you do everyday.
Hill	a good place to fight from, higher ground, green, sunny, adventuresome, play, you run on them, Jack fell down one, houses are built on them, windy, a fine place to get married
Hill	exercise
Hill	a physical characteristic in geography, not flat, land that goes up then down, are found all over the planet
Hill	Hill: is a geograpic structure, not as big as a mountin, can be large or small, different places can have a lot or none
Hill	is an upwards slope that comes to a peak then slopes back down the other way, and vice versa, can be rather small or rather large.
Hill	a mound of land most likely covered in grass, a slope covered in snow for sledding
Hill	is a raised patch of land, is rounded at the top, is shorter than a mountain
Hill	slope, steep, stick shift, sledding
Hill	high, long, steep, 
Hill	A mound of earth 
Hill	higher elevation, smaller than mountain
Hill	An incline in the earth
Hill	raised land
Hill	is a green landscape that is high than normal ground.
Hill	tall, hard to walk up
Hill	climb, grassy, mountain, green, steep, slope, flowers
Hill	is steep
Hill	earth bound, grass, landscape
Hill	Steep, up, down, fall, hall
Hill	is a geographical feature
Hill	steep, can be little or big, roll down them
Hill	is rolling, is high, is climbed up, is green, is long, 
Hill	Steep, grassy, 
Hill	up, steep, run, walk, sports, long, road, grass
Hill	climbhardgreen grassstreetat the highest point in life
Hill	can be made of dirt, grass, used for sledding, can be steep, can be climber, used for excercise
Hill	something you have to walk up or down. 
Hill	is an elevation in the Earth, difficult to go travel up
Hill	Small mountain, sometimes grass or rocky. 
Hill	climb, capital hill, politics,hill hall, round, grass, rolling hills, running hills, football practice, obstacle
Hill	steep, grass, up, down, 
Hill	part of landscape, rolling down a hill as a child
Hill	landform, grass, steep, sledding, 
Hill	big mounds of earth, hard to walk up
Hill	Is high, is steep
Hill	incline, grassy, cement road that goes up and down, San Francisco is very "hilly" good for skiing, snowboarding, sledding, rounded some are steep but not many. 
Hill	a mound of land, can be grassy, can be dirt, land goes up on one side goes down on another, smells like nature, is round, never moves, made of dirt, people and animals walk on it, can be big or small
Hill	tall, high , big , steep, round, green
Hill	meadows and fields, sunset, not flat, country, ponds, nature, roads, climax
Hill	a bell curve or steep slop beginning from a flat surface
Hill	knoll, grass, flowers, pick nick, tree, rolling, smells
Hill	a rise in the land, bigger than a bump, smaller than a mountain, smooth rise and fall of the land, something you can slide down, snowboard down, roll down, 
Hill	the fool on the...., raised section of earth, something you roll down, something you sleigh down, hate to run up, upward battle, a place of angled space.
Hill	St. Louis hills, 
Hill	inclince surface
Hill	mound of dirt, used by kids in the winter for sledding
Hill	large, tall, round, view, grass, climb, play
Hill	psychology building, incline, rolling hills, obstacle
Hill	is a noun, is round, is high up, is a landscape
Hill	an upward sloping piece of land
Hill	Hill Hall
Hill	is a place of higher altitude than the surrounding, is strategic, increases visual distance
Hill	mountain, tall, steep, rockies
Hill	green, covered in grass, landmark, used as a metaphor for an obstacle, easier to travel down one than up one
Hill	A hill is a small lump usually on land.  Like a mountain, but smaller.  A hill is something you can roll down or climb up.
Hill	Hills are round plateaus. They are lower than mountains but higher than flat ground.
Hill	grassy, mountain, large, trees, rocky, and tall. 
Hill	highland, has a valley at the end, tall, ground, usually has grass on it, can roll down it, can be tall of short.
Hill	steep, tall, curve, hard to run up, slope, elevation, cliff, down
Hill	is steep, is hard to climb, is in big fields.
Hip	mine needs to pop, they can be popped, is a joint of the leg and the pelvis, is used to hold your body up, they can be sore, they can be real or artificial, trendy
Hip	hop
Hip	a body part, connects your leg to your torso, can be injured, two on every person, helps us walk, 
Hip	Hip: is a trend, cool, fun, hip hop
Hip	is the joint that connects the legs to the torso, has two sides, can be replaced through surgery, is crucial to walking.
Hip	the waist of a person, where the legs connect to the torso of the body
Hip	is a part of the body, is a joint, is something socially accepted
Hip	hop, music, rappers, body part
Hip	hop, waist, music, bodies
Hip	Part of the body near the pelvic region 
Hip	pelvic region
Hip	a bone in your body, a description to show something is "in"
Hip	cool or a bone in the body
Hip	is a bone in your body.
Hip	Popular, body part
Hip	waist, body, leg, ball in socket joint
Hip	is a part of the body
Hip	bone
Hip	Hop, trend, popular, cool
Hip	is a part of the body
Hip	a part of your body, on the bottom sides of your tummy, starts your legs, elderly tend to brake this/ also means you're cool
Hip	is a body part, older people hurt their hips a lot, is a bone that joins your leg to the rest of your body, is used by people everyday to walk. 
Hip	In style, 
Hip	up to date, hip hop, music, dance, 
Hip	boneshippstersindie musicglasses3 wolf shirtsold people talking about younger peopleposersfake
Hip	hip bone, located in the middle part of a body, anatomy class, used to move
Hip	A part of the body that is connected to the leg. 
Hip	is a part of the human body, connects to the legs
Hip	Part of the body, upper leg. 
Hip	replacement, dislocation, bone, in style, hip hop, rap, hip hop anonymous, old people, side of the body, attaches legs to rest of the body
Hip	cool, awesome, the in crowd, happy, fun, style
Hip	old word used to describe something that was "cool," physical part of the body
Hip	in style, trendy, bone, above leg
Hip	part of animals and humans, the beginning part of a leg, required for walking
Hip	Is sore, is on body
Hip	bone, pelvis, range of movement, love handles, dancers hips, 
Hip	part of the body, in most humans and animals, helps legs move to run or walk, gives structure to body, is made of bone, is covered with nerves and muscles, has bone marrow inside.
Hip	on the body, curvy, girls
Hip	body part, injuries, stretching, used in phrases and other words such as "hip-hop", 
Hip	a part of the body. a bone that essential for walking. 
Hip	80's, hipsters, grandma, broken, hippy, drugs, Shakira
Hip	the place where your leg attaches to the rest of your body, another word for being cool, knowing what is accepted and what is not,
Hip	cool, in style, popular, adjective, describes someone who is with the current trend, biased, subjective
Hip	hip bone, skeletal structure
Hip	being in style
Hip	constantly changing trend with clothes, hip hop, rap, music, old school songs
Hip	Hip hop, cool, awesome, up with the times, sweet
Hip	hip hop, music, part of body, hip replacement, 
Hip	can be a noun or adjective, is a body part, is a way to describe someone as cool, can describe music (hip hop)
Hip	1. hip is a part of the body around the waist area.2. hip could mean you are up to date on the latest trends of your society
Hip	hip hop, headphones, bone
Hip	is where the femur connects to the torso, is a joint, comes in a pair
Hip	elvis, body part, lower body
Hip	describes something viewed as cool, part of the pelvis on the body
Hip	Hip is the body part above your leg.  It is the side of your waistline and right above your butt.
Hip	Part of the human body. It is below the belly and above the behind.
Hip	thrust, hop, hipster, hippie, groovy, 80's, and dancing. 
Hip	the top of your leg, flexible, rotates, can mean "cool", something popular at a certain time, bone
Hip	chic, hot stuff, modern, new, now
Hip	Part of your body, helps you walk, some people need to replace their hips.
Hostess	a woman, can be in a house, can be on a plane, can be at an event, is a snack cake company, were more prevalent in the 1950s, is probably an offensive term these days, is gender specific
Hostess	restaurant
Hostess	a female who provides costumer service at restraunts, seats people, 
Hostess	Hostess: a women host or greeter, can be one at own home, resturants have them, usually nice
Hostess	is the woman who seats a dinner party at a restaurant, is usually dressed more formal than the waiters, is a woman who is hosting a party.
Hostess	a female leader of a social gathering, involved with coordinating the planned activities for a group and party  
Hostess	is a server, is a waitress, is a person that normally works a an establishment that sells food and takes your order, is a brand of snack food cakes.
Hostess	restaurants, girls, food, hungry
Hostess	restaurant, girls, tables, seating
Hostess	One that greets and takes care of another person upon arrival.
Hostess	female host
Hostess	pastry company, a server at restaurant 
Hostess	party host
Hostess	is someone who shows you hospitality. 
Hostess	waitress, restaurant
Hostess	waitress, helper, server, orders, drinks, food, restraunt, tips
Hostess	a server
Hostess	seeks people
Hostess	Server, seated, woman
Hostess	is a female hosting a party
Hostess	sits you at a restaurant, gives you menus/ thrower of a party
Hostess	A woman who hosts the night, is on top of things, is a waiter, tends to the needs of the guests, runs the night, runs a party or event.
Hostess	Woman, front of restruant, seats you, 
Hostess	food, restaurant, dinner, lunch
Hostess	girlwomanyoung teenagersschoolunderpaid
Hostess	twinkies, little debbies, a brand of cake-like foods individually packaged 
Hostess	A greeter at a restaurant. 
Hostess	is a person, seats people at a restaurant, greets guests in a restaurant or home
Hostess	Sits you at a restaurant, guides you to table. 
Hostess	twinkies, snoballs, little debbie, cinnabon, save a pretzel for the gas jets, restaurant, food, server
Hostess	girl, seats you, pretty, 
Hostess	someone who leads guests to their table at a restaurant, typically the first person you see, they greet you in, they can either be nice or mean, they can receive partial tip from the parties, they are distinguished from the clothing of servers, typically dressed in all black
Hostess	restaurant, seating, wait list, pretty, 
Hostess	greets people, hosts a party,
Hostess	Works in a restaurant, carries food, gets tips, 
Hostess	greeter, seater, organizer, takes menus and silverware, assistance, busser, prepared, re-stock/ re-fill, 
Hostess	is a person, is a human, walks, greets, or walks people to tables, has skin, has extremities,  
Hostess	parties, head of the event, organized, planned everything out 
Hostess	restaurants, a girl, welcoming, polite, inviting, home, dinner, events
Hostess	somebody that brings you to your table at a restaurant. They give your silverware and menus
Hostess	Twinkies, welcoming, host, dinner, serve, food, gracious
Hostess	the woman holding an event, the woman who puts out the snacks and drinks, welcomes the guests, the hostess with the mostest, 
Hostess	a woman, is a person that serves, found in restaurants, help serve people, are image setter for a business, low paying job
Hostess	waiter, twinkies, ding dongs
Hostess	a welcomer
Hostess	waitress, serves at a restaurant, greets customers, female, first impression of a restaurant
Hostess	restaurant, menu, service, smile, work
Hostess	cupcake, snacks, waitress, resturant, leader, host, party
Hostess	is a job, takes people to tables, is nice, is friendly
Hostess	a female that is controling the environment in ways such as a party, seating, etc
Hostess	Hostess Cakes, french maid 
Hostess	is a female holding an event or greeting people, is a brand of unhealthy cakes, 
Hostess	restaurant, job, friendly
Hostess	woman who invites others to a party or gathering for herself or her family, someone who seats customers at restaurants
Hostess	Hostess is someone who is hosting you or welcoming you.  It is the person who is having the party.
Hostess	is a brand name for delicious cake treats, such as a Twinkie or a Ho-Ho. Hostess is famous for the quote, "Where's the cream filling?"
Hostess	restaurant, girl, happy, friendly, working, and outgoing. 
Hostess	a person who throws a party, a person who seats you at a resturant, in charge of an event.
Hostess	host, lady, restaurant, main attraction 
Hostess	Women that has people at her house, brings trays of food to people, refills drinks.
Hula	is a dance, is done in Hawaii, is tribal, is an art form, is done at luaus, involoves movement of the hips and hands, is entertainment, has become a tourist experience  
Hula	hoop
Hula	is an object you spin around your waiste, toy, circular, many children play with them, purchased at stores,
Hula	Hula: is a dance, Hawiian, grass skirts, cultural, hula hoop
Hula	is a Hawaiian dance done with a grass skirt, is fun, is usually done at a luau around a bonfire.
Hula	a Hawaiian celebratory dance, a festival is associated with it and a luau which is a large Hawaiian party  
Hula	is a type of hoop, is a Hawaiian dance
Hula	Hoop, Skirt, Hawaiins, Shaking of hips
Hula	hoop, skirt, circle, round
Hula	A dance that was originated in Hawaii 
Hula	traditional dance
Hula	A dance made popular in Hawaii
Hula	dance
Hula	is a Hawaiian dance.
Hula	Like a hula hoop
Hula	hawaii, ocean, sunsets, palmtrees, hula girls, grass skirts, pina colads
Hula	a dance
Hula	no idea
Hula	Hoop, Hawaii, Girl, BBQ
Hula	is a form of entertainment
Hula	dance in Hawaii, grass skirts and coconut bras, wear leis 
Hula	hula hoop, a hobby that many young children take up, can be used by children for hours upon hours, is a game that takes a lot of concentration
Hula	Dance, grass shirts, hawaii, tropical, sandy
Hula	hawaii, dancing, girls, sunny, fun
Hula	hawiibeachespig roastgreen shirtstan girlsmusicsea shells
Hula	i have never heard of this word before and do not know what it is
Hula	hawaii 
Hula	is a dance, done by Hawaiians
Hula	Hula Hooping, a fun activity to do with friends. 
Hula	fun, rings, hawaiian, islander, warm, coconut bra, straw skirt, leigh, pina colada
Hula	Hawaii, girls, dance, luau, ocean, beach, coco nut bra,  
Hula	fun activity involving device that wraps around the body. it tests balance and coordination
Hula	Hawaii, Luau, Natives, Pineapple, Dancing,    
Hula	originates from Hawaii, a form of dancing
Hula	Is unknown to me
Hula	hawian dance, moving of arms and shaking of hips, wear grass skirts called hula skirts, coconut bras, happens at a laui most often, 
Hula	is a hawaiian dance, humans do it, no smell, no taste, is made up of how the body moves
Hula	hawaiian girls, grass skirts, hawaii, people dancing, pretty girls, tan, long hair, coconut bras, excitement, cultural
Hula	I don't know what this is, confusion, sounds Hawiian, hula-hoop
Hula	a dance with a hoop around your waist
Hula	Hawaii, hula girl, skirt, pine apple, grass, surfing, volcano
Hula	what native Hawiians do at a luau, grass skirts, it is a dance, waving your arms like water, shaking hips very fast, on the beach with tiki tourches around
Hula	type of hoop, type of dress in Hawaii, type of party, found in island settings
Hula	hawaii
Hula	hawaii, skirt, dancer
Hula	a dance, done in hawaii , dress is grass skirts, done at a halua 
Hula	dancer, Hawaii, hard to do, grass skirt, tradition
Hula	hula hoop, hula dancer, hawaii, fun, 
Hula	is Hawaiin, is a dance, uses Hula skirts
Hula	dance style used in the pacific region
Hula	hoop, Gulla Gulla Island (tv show) 
Hula	is a dance found in Hawii, involves swinging of the hips
Hula	Hawaii, dancing
Hula	Hawaiian dance performed by swaying hips and arms with music; typically performed by women wearing grass skirts
Hula	Hula is a Hawaiian term.  It can be dancing or the soft colorful necklace like apparels that many Hawaiians wear.
Hula	Hula hoop? I am pretty sure this word has something to do with a dance move that girls in Hawaii learn how to do. They shake their hips around in a circular motion.
Hula	hoop
Hula	a dance in Hawaii, comes before hoop, wears grass skirts and coconut bras.
Hula	i don't know what this is
Hula	A hula dance, a hula hoop, rotating hips.
King	is married to the queen, rules the kingdom, can be usurped, is a man, should be just, have become antiquated, are rarely seen, is rich, is a leader, is a political figure, often is a religious figure, can execute his subjects, has subjects, his will is carried out
King	queen
King	monarchy, dictator that rules the country, has to be born into it, A male, this system of government seems to fail throughout history, can be good or bad
King	King: is a ruler, leader of a counrty or land, sets laws, royal, man, were more common in earlier time periods
King	is usually married to a queen, is the ruler of a country with a monarchy, is the highest authority in such a country.
King	the leader of a country, the one in charge who is male
King	is a ruler, used in a monarchy, is royalty, is powerful, is respected
King	britain, louie, henry, crowns
King	royalty, crown, queen, castle, kingdom
King	The ruler of a given nation
King	monarch, authority, rule, power
King	Ruler of government, Figurehead, used to be typical running of a society.
King	ruler
King	is someone in other countries that are considered their rulers.
King	Husband of the King, Rules the country, wears a crown, sits upon a throne
King	emperor, crown, heil, thrown, servants, jester, red, purple, queen, feast, turkey leg
King	is a ruler
King	royal, queens husband, rules over
King	Queen, ruler, top dog
King	is a ruler of land
King	married to a queen, crown, rich 
King	is royalty, is used in England, is associated with a queen, is all powerful, comes in the family, is associated with great power, wears a crown
King	Selfish, powerful, rings, diamonds, thrown
King	boss, incharge, power, castle, president, 
King	oldcardssolitarerap
King	married to the queen, wears a crown, pictured to be big and strong, makes rules
King	A ruler, someone who has control. A card in a deck. 
King	is a person, is a ruler of a country, wears a crown, has great power over a certain region
King	Ruler, leader, has control and power over something. 
King	martin luther, monarchy, civil rights, england, europe, feudal system, 
King	the big dog, the main man, the ruler, worship, power, queen
King	ruler over a certain group of people, deemed as one of the highest positions.
King	throne, rule, land, castle, maids, queen, 
King	is someone who rules over all people on his land, has a lot of power, is given power
King	Is supreme, is just
King	royalty, leader, powerful, respected, Monarchy, European, 
King	is a figure of importance, is rich, is human, has skin, has hair, walks, feels emotion, has eyes, has extremities, 
King	rich, powerful, old times, england, ruler, has the say so, makes rules, respected
King	power, rich, the boss, crown, royalty, movies, famous, feasts, queen, type of card, man
King	a ruler of a kingdom, has a crown
King	Britain, hail, crown, scepter, execution, revolution, capture, rich, castle
King	ruler of the land, wears a crown, has many fancy things, makes the decisions, big strong man, strong willed, lives in a castle/palace, has servants, head of the royal family, 
King	monarchical ruler, is ruler of the land, can be a tyrant, past form of government, often religious, England
King	royalty, blue, purple
King	leader of a country
King	ruler, the main chess piece, wears jewels, born into the position 
King	royalty, jewels, expensive, spoiled, ruler
King	Leader, royalty, ruler
King	is the ruler of a country, is used in countries around the world
King	ruler of a monarch
King	David, riches, crown, servants, followers, 
King	is the leader of a monarchy, is chosen by birthright, is undemocratic, 
King	queen
King	is the head of church and state, top of the feudal hierarchy in medieval times, wears a crown and purple clothes, wears expensive furs, is European, is very wealthy, oppresses his people
King	A king is a monarch that can rule the land.  Many countries are ruled by kings.  King is the ultimate position in many activities or games.  It is one of the highest honors.
King	King is opposite of Queen. Monarchy is another term to describe King and Queen.
King	england, deck of cards, all powerful, loyalty, rich, crown, queen, cruel, and Henry. 
King	ruler of a people, in charge of decisions
King	Arthur, ruler, emperor, Caesar, monarch, crown, queen
King	Leader of a country, makes may important decisions, wears a crown, is very rich, is very tall, headstrong.
Letter	the alphabet, post, mail, you can open them, they crinkle, writing to other, are used to form words, are fun in your soup, the scarlet letter, are becoming rarer, penpals write them
Letter	mail
Letter	is a thing that makes words, is not a physical object, there are 26 of them in the United states alphabet, constructs languages, has specific sounds that we have to make to pronounce them
Letter	Letter: can be something that makes up words or something written to another person, 26 in the alphabet, can be mailed or given to someone, love letters
Letter	is what people send in the mail, can be long or short, can be about love, has a greeting, a body, and a salutation, can be formal or informal.
Letter	a writing on a paper, a written conversation sent to another person, the building blocks of a language, these are put together to make words and sentences 
Letter	is a personal note, is a character used in language, is used in mail, is read, is used in communication
Letter	notes, alphabet, writing, army
Letter	mail, alphabet, diary, love, mailbox, post office, stamp, mailman 
Letter	Charactee in the alphabet, personalized written message
Letter	symbol in alphabet, used in communication, written note
Letter	a character in the alphabet, a note written and sent to someone
Letter	typed font on paper, or written 
Letter	is something you use to make words.
Letter	Snail mail, sincere, you mail it, personal letter, business letter
Letter	written, pencil, paper, envelope, stamp, post office
Letter	is a note
Letter	story to someone, not used anymore,
Letter	Love, writing, paper, pen, mail, words
Letter	is a symbol
Letter	make up the alphabet, there are 26 of them/ can be mailed, can be written to someone, are typed or wriiten
Letter	a sign the makes up words, creates the alphabet, is sent over the mail, is sent via email, is written with a lot of meaning.
Letter	Love, passed in class, 
Letter	notes, love, school, business, 
Letter	loveinformationsaddnessdear john
Letter	a letter can be typed or written, decorated, can be written in differenct languages, a love letter, or hate letter, a letter to a friend or a letter to a lover, a plain letter or a decorated letter
Letter	Something you write as in a letter to another person or a letter of the alphabet 
Letter	is a symbol, used to make up words and sentences
Letter	Something you write or recieve giving information about something. 
Letter	alphabet, 26, individual, precise, grades, school
Letter	postal service, stamp, envelope, paper, pen 
Letter	old fashioned form of communication
Letter	envelope, writing, love, signature, alphabet, A, 
Letter	comes in the mail, comes in a envelope, has a stamp, a form of communication
Letter	Is in the alphabet, is in the mail
Letter	paper, electronically, a note to someone a love note or a message to a friend. Ink and paper usually put it in an envelope.can be a simple letter from the alphabet  A, B, C,  most often on stationary
Letter	can be long or short, sent all around the world, connects people, smells like paper most of time, uses pen or pencil, can be old or new, written by a human, signed, has no emotion
Letter	writing, mail, stamps, meaning full, proper
Letter	paper, pencil/pen, personal, typed, mail, stamp, envelope, a card
Letter	something that you write to someone regarding important information or for socializing
Letter	written, loved ones, alphabet, language, black, paper
Letter	something you get in the mail, could be good or bad news, a way to stay connected, writing on paper, in a enevlope, has a stamp, an address or return address, put in a mail box, delievered by mail carrier, 
Letter	is a symbol for words/language, a formal written piece of work addressed to a person of interest, not used often, being replaced by email, A, B, C, D..... 
Letter	form, present, 
Letter	words onto paper forming a topic
Letter	paper, bill, sent by postal service, delivered in a mailbox, 26 in the alphabet
Letter	write, pencil, pen, paper, mail
Letter	note, alphabet, writing, words,
Letter	is used to create words and sentences
Letter	1. a component of a word or sometimes a word itself.2. a written statement to another
Letter	Hallmark, pen and paper, feather
Letter	on paper, communication, make up the alphabet, digital, physical, 
Letter	mail, writing
Letter	one written figure of many in alphabets used to make words; a note of communication written between two correspondents 
Letter	A letter can be a long note written by someone to someone else.  It can also be what the alphabet is made up of.  Letters are how we read and communicate to each other when we are not talking.
Letter	twenty six of these consist in what we describe as an alphabet. They make up words and have different pernunciations.
Letter	pen, paper, sentimental, important, prestigious, lines, body, signature, and dear. 
Letter	in the alphabet, something you write, paper, a message
Letter	mail, postman, mailman, alphabet,spelling,  
Letter	A piece of paper, has important information, is sent to a person, has a stamp, takes time to write.
Light	can be different colors, its colors are different than pigments, comes from the sun, comes from fire, is intangible, goes on forever, can be reflected, can be manufactured, flashlights, flourescent lights, incandescent lights, candles
Light	dark
Light	bright, being very visible, colors, the sun, something that illuminates objects, is a visual object
Light	Light: can be weight, brightness, amount, a person or object can weigh little, a room can be it, can be bright, a color can be it if shaded in less
Light	is the opposite of dark, can represent good and not evil, helps you to see, can keep away bad things.
Light	brightness, glowing, used by plants for photosynthesis, causes warmth, artificial or natural 
Light	is created by the sun, allows many animals to see
Light	Bright, Bulbs, Sun, Beams
Light	bright, colors, bulb, sun, day
Light	Waves that illuminate an area
Light	photons, opposite of dark
Light	source of all life on earth, can be natural or artificial
Light	bright
Light	is something that shines so you are capable of seeing.
Light	Light bulb, sunshine, not heavy
Light	bright, vivid, sunny, lightbulb, sun, flashlight, happy
Light	bulb
Light	bright, oppisite of evil, good, tool, item to see
Light	Dark
Light	is useful at night
Light	bright, ables you to see, electricity
Light	Is bright, is dim, is used by people everyday, is captured into bulbs, is used to light up darkness
Light	Bright, Colored, Sun, 
Light	day, room, desk, tv, flashlight, 
Light	beercolorbrightdarkfeatherssmall animals
Light	comes from the sun, or a lamp/lightbulb, makes things not dark- able to see
Light	able to see 
Light	is something that makes other things visible, used to see objects around, used to see where one is going
Light	Something that makes the dark visible, many forms, and helps us see. 
Light	sun, not heavy, easy going, eggs, fluffy
Light	bright, helps you see, sun, lamps, bulbs, lightning, 
Light	white, pure
Light	sun, moon, stars, colors, visual, 
Light	can be turned on or off, brightens up a room, allows people to see
Light	Sun,  afternoon, helps people at night
Light	allows for sight, can be the sun, lamp, ceiling, florescent, yellow or white light, street light, light bulbs, Thomas Edison created the first light bulb. light can be altered by transparent colors to create a different appearance
Light	is an object, humans use these, helps to see, have many in houses, made up of metal or wood, has electricity, inside is a bulb, is hot.
Light	bright, buld, shinny, switch to turn on
Light	bright, sun, light bulbs, opposite of heavy and dark, seeing, 
Light	brightness in a room, the opposite of dark
Light	darkness, speed, reality, shadow, void, space, time, boundaries, particles, accelerator, bright
Light	something that is bright, allows you to see in the dark, something that shines, can get hot, has elements inside, can break, has a switch,
Light	is used to perceive the world, is priceless, is necessary, gives life, can damage, various forms, the sun, artificial means exist, 
Light	God, Jesus, Holy trinity
Light	opposite of dark, a showing
Light	brightness, candlelight, light bulbs, uses electricity, sun
Light	dark, light bulb, electricity, sun, "Let there be light!"
Light	bright, visible, weightless, small, 
Light	is bright, is needed, is the sun
Light	an emmision of brightness
Light	light piercing darkness
Light	is opposite to dark on the visual spectrum, is bright, is required for the processing of images in the brain
Light	bright, colors, day
Light	absence of darkness, electric appliance, has on/off switch, is yellow
Light	Light is what brightens the room. Light is a savior in a dark room.  The speed of light is the fastest thing in the universe.  Light is something often referred to goodness.
Light	is the opposite of dark. Light can be from the sun or a lightbulb.
Light	bud, not heavy, easily moved, and not a lot. 
Light	not heavy, bright, comes from the sun of a lamp, pale, lifts easily
Light	glow, candle, flashlight, florescent, glowing, soft, gentle, flimsy, easy
Light	Is bright, helps you see, good guys.
Load	barrels, a burden, laundry, you do it to a gun, you do it to the dishwasher, the computer has to do it occasionally, dropping a load, take a load off
Load	heavy
Load	unempty, meaning something has something in it, is an action word, can be used to describe the action of a physical object, can be a command
Load	Load: can be something carried or transpoted, or an amount, work load, load of laundry, can be large or small
Load	is a burden, is a quantity of material one is carrying or moving.
Load	to place in an object for preparation of delivery, a group of objects closely associated  
Load	is ammunition, is a large amount
Load	truck, laundry, poop, sperm
Load	cows, farming, trucks, big, travel, packaging
Load	To process
Load	to fill, a haul
Load	loading screen in games, time it takes for a program to process a task, a description of an amount of something for transport
Load	installing
Load	is when you are maybe moving from one place to another and you have to put all your belongings onto a truck to move them. 
Load	Sometimes heavy, sometimes light, putting something into something else, loading a dishwasher
Load	heavy, carry, strength
Load	baggage
Load	process of making something
Load	Unload, laundry, big, heavy
Load	is a pile of something
Load	wide, a lot, heavy
Load	is used to describe how much homework one has, "I have a load of homework", Used by people when doing laundry, 
Load	big, heavy, truck bed,
Load	heavy, boxes, big, 
Load	of clotheswasherdryerbrickslots of something
Load	a load of something like a substance, or a load on your mind. something physical or mental. a load of wood perhaps
Load	Loading something into another object
Load	is a quantity taken at a time, a burden someone has to carry
Load	Group of something or various items. 
Load	truck, your mom, packages, heavy, a lot of, substantial, quantity, a complete trip, gun, shot, ammo, 
Load	big, wide, 
Load	can be seen as heavy or light or seen as a large quantity of something, 
Load	heavy, travel, luggage, truck, 
Load	can be heavy or light, is carried, is transported
Load	Full, laundry, takes time
Load	heavy, piled up, lots to carry, many items, 
Load	is an annoyance, is a pain, waiting on something, 
Load	heavy, big, large amount
Load	putting something on the back of a truck, heavy, a lot, computers and electronics, busy
Load	the quantity of something, a truck has a load of furniture
Load	heavy, soldier, ammo, carry, truck, back
Load	something you carry in one trip, something heavy or cumbersome, something you can stack or pile up,
Load	verb for loading something, used in computers
Load	Weightlifting, heavy, trucks
Load	burden,carry
Load	to lift, to upload on a computer, album by Metallica 
Load	hay, lifting, work, stuff, load something into a location
Load	stuff, heavy, 
Load	is many things together at once, physical, mental
Load	1.to pack or place something2. to have a luggage or carry on
Load	laundry, firewood in truck
Load	is an amount of something, is what you do when you die on a game, when something is replaced
Load	computer, lots of something
Load	is heavy, is a burden, has many parts or is very big
Load	 Load usually means a heavy amount of something, physically.  Some people say they have a load on their mind which means they have a lot to do.
Load	something you do when you are packing something.
Load	music, down, washing, and off. 
Load	a large amount of something being carried or transported somewhere.
Load	clothes, bundle, 
Load	heavy, wide load, is very big, people struggle to lift.
Morning	happens after the night, is the beginning of the day, is pink and orange and peach, starts early, you eat breakfast during it, is new everyday, you drink coffee during it, things feel more hopeful during it
Morning	night
Morning	early, is the beggining of the day, wake up, happens everyday, sunriseing, 
Morning	Morning: is a time of the day, A.M., the sun rises, people wake up, eat breakfast during this time, it's early, first part of the day
Morning	is what comes after night and before afternoon, usually is the brightest time of day, is when most people wake up and go to work or school.
Morning	the early part of the day, sunrise, breakfast, warmth
Morning	is dawn, is sunrise, is daylight, is damp, is bright
Morning	tired, breakfast, eggs
Morning	early, sunny, bright, tired, crabby
Morning	Time from 12am to 12pm
Morning	12 am to 12 pm, sun is rising, cooler, breakfast
Morning	time of the day when the sun is still rising and you would typically wake up
Morning	sun rising usually between 6-12 am
Morning	is when the sun rises.
Morning	tired, Hard to wake up, birds chirp, colder during this time
Morning	alarm clock, wake up, brush teeth, breakfast, orange juice, pancakes, bacon, hungry
Morning	sunshine
Morning	early day, sun rises
Morning	Bird, sunrise, breakfast, coffee, newspaper, school, night, 
Morning	is the beginning of the day
Morning	its when you wake up, sun comes up, moon goes away, people go to work, people eat breakfast, kids go to school
Morning	brings light, brings the sun, brings life, starts over, is not the night, is breakfast, is life, is sunny, is cheerful, brings movement, awakens people,
Morning	early, bright, sun rise,
Morning	tired, nice, start, beginning of day, sunny, birds
Morning	sleepcoffeebedgetting readybrushing your teethsun coming uptasks list
Morning	starts the day, before afternoon and evening, wake up in the morning
Morning	When everyone hates getting up. In the early hours. 
Morning	is a point in the day, is early in the day, when people wake up, when people eat breakfast
Morning	Worst part of the day, waking up early. 
Morning	early, sunrise, coffee, breakfast, covers, bed, shower, shave, time to get up
Morning	breakfast, school, work, tired, church, early
Morning	beginning of the day, the sun rises, birds
Morning	early, sunrise, alarm, bed, wake up, breakfast
Morning	start of the day, not enjoyed by a lot of people, when the sun rises
Morning	Is dark, early, practice
Morning	sunny, bright, early, routine, drink coffee, breakfast, prepare for the day, wake up, get of bed,  
Morning	is the beginning of the day, sunshine, people and animals wake up at this point, breakfast, smells like bacon and eggs, tastes like bad breath, is a routine
Morning	tired, early, sun rise, wake up, start of the day, fresh beginning
Morning	sunshine, fog, early, sound of birds, breakfast, getting ready, going to work/school
Morning	when someone should wake up, eat breakfast, go to school or work at this time
Morning	night, waking, early, school, breakfast, blurry, coffee, sleep, cartoons
Morning	when the sun comes up, the time to get up, the beginning of the day, the thing after night, when you eat breakfast, when you drink coffee, when you go to work, when you start your day, when you yawn,
Morning	beginning of the day, when the world wakes up, is beautiful, is uplifting, is refreshing, is neglected, when breakfast is, starts with the sun, 
Morning	breakfast, classes  
Morning	early in the day
Morning	sunrise, crack of dawn, first light, cock crow, start of farmwork
Morning	night, sunrise, early, new day, starting over
Morning	sunrise, breakfast, wake up, before noon, early
Morning	is early, is before noon, is when people wake up
Morning	early part of the day usually between 6-11. sun is not to its most direct point yet
Morning	breakfast, birds chirping, sunshine
Morning	is the opposite of dusk, is when the earth rotates enough for the sun's rays to reach the location on earth, 
Morning	early, sunrise
Morning	time of the day during which the sun rises, metaphor for new beginning, hours from around 4:00 am to 12:00 noon
Morning	Morning is the A.M.  It is when we wake up (usually).  It is the beginning of the day when the sun rises.
Morning	Is when humans typically wake up. Morning can be described on an digital clock by A.M.
Morning	sunshine, sun rise, chilly, dew, school, and sleepy. 
Morning	comes after night time, when the sun comes up and the birds chirp, when people wake up, crack of dawn.
Morning	wake up, early, AM, sunrise, breakfast, pancakes, rooster, alarm clock, fresh start of the day, brush teeth, wash face
Morning	is very early, the sun is coming up, people are sleeping, people are getting ready, people are going to work.
Operation	is a board game that buzzes, can be done on one's body to fix problems, a procedure to be carried out, a military operation
Operation	secretive
Operation	a certain way of doing something, procedures, a mission, comes in many different shapes and forms
Operation	Operation: is a task, surgery, a math operation
Operation	is a procedure either to fix or remove a broken part of a person, is a mathematical step.
Operation	a medical procedure to fix a problem, coordinated activities to solve a problem, a game enjoyed by children
Operation	is a surgical procedure, is a objective, is a mission, is something with a purpose or goal
Operation	board game, hospitals, stitches, boobs
Operation	surgery, doctors, medicine, hospital,
Operation	A medical act for bodily repairs. A process
Operation	set procedure, planned endeavor
Operation	medical, mathematical, 
Operation	surgery, battle plans
Operation	is a procedure someone will do to fix something. A doctor may give surgery of some sort to help their patient.
Operation	surgery, hospital, board game
Operation	surgery, scalpal, incision, doctor, heart, greys anatomy, scrubs, blood
Operation	is a game
Operation	doctor, fixing something
Operation	Game, 
Operation	is a mission
Operation	consists of tools, preformed by doctors, lots of blood, fixes something
Operation	Is a word like surgery, is used by doctors and also mathmaticians, is a complex combination of different steps, is used every day by people
Operation	Stealth, Black ops
Operation	movement, working, computer, tv
Operation	sicknessdoctorscancerget better
Operation	operation could refer to the medical procedure, or the game, surgery perhaps
Operation	A surgeon performs operations. 
Operation	is something being done, is a process
Operation	How you plan to do something and follow through with it. 
Operation	doctor, patient, blood, surgery, gown, IV, smooth
Operation	pain, blood, doctor, hospital, sick, hurt
Operation	associated with hospitals, scary.
Operation	surgery, recovery, doctors, nurses, 
Operation	a way of doing something, a set plan
Operation	Is a board game, is in the hospital
Operation	surgery, board game, a procedure, a task to remove or alter something
Operation	is a procedure, is done by doctors, uses tools, smells clean, involves blood, 
Operation	work, turn on, getting a job done
Operation	mission, war, CIA, undercover, hospital, surgery, dangerous
Operation	something is performed on a person or a certain task
Operation	army, hospital, tactical, syringe, scalpel, anesthesia, soldier, commander
Operation	something you need when your body isnt working right, involves doctors, a clean room, many kinds of knifes and instruments, done in a hospital, can be very messy, can be life threating, the game you play with the tongs that buzz if you touch the sides while trying to remove the plastic piece within,
Operation	is a medical procedure, is a tactical mission, has a goal, requires individuals working towards something.
Operation	word problems, math, cooking
Operation	surger
Operation	a game, a task, surgery, military operation
Operation	surgery, doctor, hospital, medical, emergency
Operation	mission, surgery, procedure, board game, 
Operation	is a way to solve things, can be a tool, can be an equation
Operation	1. a surgical procedure2. a mission or something that must be completed
Operation	doctor, blood, surgery
Operation	is a procedure, is to accomplish a goal, is how something works
Operation	repo, game, hospital, surgery
Operation	surgery in medicine, algorithm/formula for math
Operation	A mission or procedure.  It could be an military operation where they have a plan to do something.  Also, it could be a medical operation like surgery.
Operation	operation is a mission or procedure in which something is being worked on, such as surgery.
Operation	plan, goal, whip, and group participation. 
Operation	something working, how something works, a surgery
Operation	surgery, a thing taking place, act, action,  work, motion, movement, doing
Operation	A plan, set objectives.
Polite	also an adjective, good mannered, kind, sometimes forced, lovely when natural, kindness, is good to be to others, makes the world a happier place, is often fake though it needn't be
Polite	rude
Polite	being nice, is a characteristic people have, is not a physical object but can be shown through physical actions,
Polite	Polite: is a bahavior, it's having manners, being courtious to others, showing respect, words like please and thank you, people can behave in this way, parents teach their children to be it
Polite	is the opposite of rude, is being nice to others, is going out of your way, is speaking kindly towards others.
Polite	a person who is conscience of others emotions and needs, acting to help others, respectful 
Polite	is having manners, is good behavior around others, used for being civil
Polite	nice, kind, friendly, not rude
Polite	girls, gentlemen, school girls, royalty
Polite	Being nice; putting others before you; a component of ones personality. 
Polite	well mannered, respectful
Polite	Manners, courteous, being able to properly interact in society
Polite	nice, kind
Polite	is having manners around everyone.
Polite	manners, being nice, being respectful
Polite	nice, kind, manners, napkin, please, thank you, hold open doors
Polite	manners
Polite	to be nice to
Polite	Nice, respect, kind, caring.
Polite	is being considerate to others
Polite	good manners, saying please and thank you, no elbows on the table when eating, holding the door open for others
Polite	People strive to be polite, never a bad thing unless your over polite, most students are polite, holding the door open, used by people daily, saying sorry.
Polite	well mannored, behaved, respectful,
Polite	nice, respect, family, elders, 
Polite	gentlemanladiesyes ma'amsoutherncurtisy
Polite	using manners, "please" "thankyou", taught as a child, opposite of rude
Polite	Nice 
Polite	nice, takes other people's feelings into account, good manners
Polite	Being kind respectful courteous, not being rude or mean. 
Polite	manners, table, food, parents, library, life
Polite	nice, holds doors, helps people, 
Polite	reserved, quiet, speaks only when spoken to
Polite	considerate, guests, 
Polite	is proper, uses the word please, uses the word thank you, uses the words your welcome
Polite	Is kind, is helpful, is caring, is thoughtful 
Polite	friendly, smiling, kind, respectful, good mannered, nice, 
Polite	an action, being kind to others, common curtousy, looks like people opening doors, no taste, no smell, nice people do it
Polite	kind, mannors, sweet, generous, understanding, cares about others 
Polite	nice, manners, respect, commen sense, easy to get along with, opening the door for someone, thoughtful of others, smile, happy
Polite	when someone has manors, using please and thank you, opeing doors for people, not interrupting someones converstation
Polite	calm, manners, quiet spoken, friendly, welcoming
Polite	when you have good manners, you treat people nicely, something you expect from people of a higher class
Polite	being nice, is good manners, not being rude, golden rule, act of respect, expected of individuals by society, a high value
Polite	respectful, patient, kind, ethical
Polite	being courtesy to others
Polite	manners, etiquette, depends on culture, negative politeness vs positive politeness 
Polite	manners, etiquette, mom telling kids to be polite, salad fork, fancy dinner
Polite	kind, nice, generous, 
Polite	is an adjective, is being nice to others, is having good manners
Polite	well mannered and respectful
Polite	nice, respectful, friendship
Polite	is what parents try to teach their children to be, is expected in most situations, 
Polite	nice, helpful, well-mannered
Polite	describes someone kind, with manners, chivalrous; describes "ladies" and "gentlemen"
Polite	Polite is a word that is used to describe well-mannered people.  It is using good vocabulary while being courteous to others.
Polite	Kindness or a way to express niceness. Polite is an adjective to describe a nice person.
Polite	sweet, manners, well brought up, good parents, and nice. 
Polite	nice, courteous, cares for peoples feelings.
Polite	civilized, manners, pleasant, considerate, elegant, friendly, thoughtful, nice, sweet, kind-hearted
Polite	very nice, good person, puts others before themselves.
Russia	a very expansive country, a very cold country in terms of temperature, Russians live there, is located in northern Asia and Europe, produces great theatre and ballets, people have found it to be a rather repressive country until recently since it has opened
Russia	huge
Russia	communism, USSR, is a country located in upper asia, is very cold, Vodka, has their own language and alphabet,
Russia	Russia: is a country, sovviet union, culture
Russia	is perhaps the largest country in the world, it's capital is Moscow, has extensive land that is uninhabited due to the cold climate, is where Tianamen Square is, is where the men wear furry hats, used to be controlled by Lenin.
Russia	country, northern Asia and eastern Europe, cold, large area, the main member of the past soviet union, cold war
Russia	is northern Asia, is cold, is snowy, is a large country, used to be the Soviet Union
Russia	big, communist in cold war, vodka
Russia	red, communist, cold, roastbeef, accent
Russia	A country in europe
Russia	country in asia
Russia	A very large, cold country in asia/europe
Russia	was communist, large nation
Russia	is a country.
Russia	Soviet Union
Russia	beards, red, big, across the ocean, accents, foreign language
Russia	country
Russia	country, USSr
Russia	Big, wars, cold
Russia	is a country
Russia	country, located in asia and europe, speak russian, very large
Russia	is cold, is not free, communism, Joseph Stalin, is large, 
Russia	soviet union,
Russia	country, war, 
Russia	vodkufurry hatsthick accentsmoscowbuildingswar
Russia	a country, foreign, far away
Russia	Communist, huge country, space program is good. 
Russia	is a country, supports Communism, is cold
Russia	Big country on the other side of the world. 
Russia	communism, cold, war, cold war,stalin, world war 2, stalingrad, lennon, space program
Russia	USSR, big, land, hot
Russia	big country
Russia	country, cold, big, in Europe, 
Russia	previously known as the soviet union, owns a very large amount of land, has communist ideals
Russia	Is large, is full of large men
Russia	USSR, cold, northern,                                                                         
Russia	is a country, no feeling no emotion, is a place, is big, not sure of smell, made up of many smaller places, complex, humans live here, animals live here, not sure of taste.
Russia	cold, fur, far away, people with dark hair, deep accents, mountains
Russia	country, cold, the type of hats they wear, movies, war, CIA
Russia	a country over in asia, communist, hockey
Russia	communism, Stalin, vodka, farmers, comrade, red, hackers, motherland, propaganda, cold war, USSR
Russia	also known as "mother russia", cold and snowy, hard/structured people, known for being strong and determined, it is a larg country, 
Russia	part of former Soviet Union, northern most part of Asia, Vladimir Putin, communism, vodka, strong willed people, European people, Cold war rival, superpower
Russia	communism 
Russia	country in asain above china
Russia	a country, fought on the usa's side in ww2, cold war
Russia	big, foreign language, travel, airplane, sights, food
Russia	communist, big, foreign, country
Russia	is a country, used to be Communism, has Russians, 
Russia	a country in europe
Russia	Guns, war, 
Russia	is the largest country, is cold, is in northern Asia, is a world power, 
Russia	Communist, big, Asia
Russia	country in Europe/Asia; had a monarchy; was the communist Soviet Union; now a democratic country; has cold weather; trains many children in ballet and other dance forms
Russia	Russia is a country in which Communism is associated with.  It is also one of the largest countries in association with land.
Russia	Russian guards typically drank vodka. Russia is in the Soviet Union.
Russia	communist
Russia	communist country, in Europe, cold, slavic
Russia	country, people, far away, women, vodka
Russia	Is a country, is very big, people there are communist, is a powerful country, have tea time.
Self	oneness, alone, skin, hair, body, spirit, hope, love, myself, me, climbs, runs, sings, awareness, denial, importance, breathes, purpose
Self	appearance
Self	me, the physical and emotional characteristics that describe myself as a person, tall, blonde, blue eyes, funny, 
Self	Self: is a person, how one decribes their own person
Self	is you, is your person, your soul, your being, the opposite of others.
Self	ones own identity, how one perceives the person they are as being through the eyes of others 
Self	is a person, is you, refers to me
Self	centered, image, esteem
Self	own, yours, 
Self	Term used when talking about their individual being
Self	the individual
Self	you as a person, your perception of your personal being
Self	me, my, i,
Self	is who you are and your goals in life.
Self	me, Sam, self-understanding
Self	myself, inner, being, typing
Self	body
Self	me, I, myself, self-concept, who am I?
Self	Person, 
Self	is a person
Self	yourself, you 
Self	is me, I control my self, is made up of whatever you make it up to be
Self	Image, Respect, Dignity, morals
Self	who i am, what i do, self image, respect, active, school, sports
Self	conceptwho am ipsychologyimagebody
Self	inner self- emotions, feelingsoutterself- appearance, looksa person, myself
Self	Person, being. 
Self	is who somebody is, is a person's character, a person's personal interest
Self	Me as a person, how i am or who i am as myself. 
Self	realization, actualization, image, esteem
Self	you, one, man, worman
Self	I, myself.
Self	inside, personality, conscience 
Self	who someone is, what their personality is, how they think, what they believe
Self	Is true, is  me
Self	person, singular, human, self worth, self esteem, 
Self	part of a human, personality,
Self	brown hair, blue eyes, short, personality, kind, outgoing, fun 
Self	me, inner, outer, one, mental, intelligence, body, used with other words
Self	a person, no one else is involved
Self	awareness, metaphysical, philosophy, thinking, complexity 
Self	it is a person, someone talking about themself, a first person account
Self	is me, is my mental state, is my physical state, is of high importance to an individual, one's actions or thoughts
Self	finding peace in one's self, identity of who you are
Self	your own person
Self	ones own being, a person
Self	awesome, pretty, self image, selfishness, pride
Self	me, self-esteem, self-image, personality, I
Self	describes one own person, can be defined many different ways, different personalities
Self	I or me. 
Self	self-analysis, looking-glass self, 
Self	is me, is the combination of the id, ego and superego, is the primary focus of life, is ones sense of identity, is refined over time
Self	me, I
Self	important to have a sense of, someone to rely on
Self	Self is talking about you yourself.  It is physically your body or your inner thoughts.
Self	is me. I am myself. You are yourself. They are theirselves. We our ourselves. Everyone can be everyone's self. It is who you are.
Self	image, asteem, pity, awareness, and courage. 
Self	you, who you are, person
Self	yourself, own, person, selfish, 
Self	your body, your thoughts, your actions.
Strong	force, burdens, carrying a load, something worth being, work, you must work to be it, muscle, going to the gym, working out, lifting, horses pulling carriages
Strong	weak
Strong	muscual, durable, physical muscles that are big, in shape, big, powerful, can be a descriptive term for a person or an object
Strong	Strong: is a description of something or someone, can hold a lot of weight, muscles, people lift weight to gain it, objects can be it if they hold a lot
Strong	is the opposite of weak, is what you need to be in hard situations, is what a body-builder is.
Strong	
Strong	is a personal attribute, is based on strength, is will power
Strong	muscles, gym, steroids, men
Strong	building, men, weights, muscles, gym, athelete
Strong	Great strength
Strong	Powerful, stern, capable
Strong	a term to show physical fitness in an individual. Can even be at an emotional standpoint
Strong	physically fit
Strong	Physically being able to lift things. Emotionally and mentally capable of holding things together.
Strong	muscles, hard working, persistent, 
Strong	muscles, work out, big, sweat, exercise, ability to lift heavy objects
Strong	strength
Strong	athletic, strong will, muscular
Strong	Hall, beast, weights, football player, wrestler, Livestrong, Nike
Strong	is a physical characteristic
Strong	usually happens when you have muscles, can lift heavy things, mostly men
Strong	is tough, is not weak, can lift a lot, can take a lot, is in people who play hard sports, is strived for by weightlifters
Strong	is Muscles, is tough, is big, is mental, 
Strong	big, tough, athletes, 
Strong	Kanye Westweightsmenweight liftersmy parents
Strong	strong muscles, or strong at heart, indestructable, work out, rarely cries, male figure
Strong	able to withstand certain stress
Strong	being able to lift a lot of weight, being tough, able to do something
Strong	Strength, working out, going to the gym, the power to do more then average. 
Strong	bodybuilder, moral, strong hall, 
Strong	people, sturdy, built, can lift a lot, big, large, huge, lifting, body builders.
Strong	characteristic to describe a person or thing, associated with strength and after fighting a battle/struggle
Strong	muscle, weights, lifting, 
Strong	very tough, hard to break
Strong	Is good, is powerful
Strong	power, muscles, able body, fit, tone, gyms, 
Strong	is a feeling, is opposite of weak, comes from hard times, 
Strong	big, tough, unbreakable, muscles, powerful 
Strong	big, muscles, tough, mentally tough, stern
Strong	the opposite of weak, strong minded, athletically strong, strength
Strong	weak, working out, muscles, jocks, Olympics, Live Strong, hard 
Strong	is what people are, what you have to be to lift heavy things, what boys want to be, bodies with a lot of muscle, 
Strong	is  power, strength, supreme, physical health, obsession by some, manly, womanly, ability to get through obstacles
Strong	physcally, mentally able to accomplish a task
Strong	having muscles,emotionally strong
Strong	sturdy, muscle, working out helps increase strength, lifting weights, 
Strong	man, weights, lifting, muscles, stable
Strong	powerful, muscles, sturdy, long-lasting, 
Strong	is an adjective, is strength, is physical, is mental
Strong	good muscle endurence
Strong	muscles, confidence, base 
Strong	is the opposite of weak, is controlling, is powerful, 
Strong	powerful, mighty
Strong	stereotypical adjective of a large, tall, muscular man, describes someone who can lift heavy things
Strong	Strong is usually an adjective, but strength is the noun version of that.  Physical strength is being able to lift a lot.  Mental strength is being able to endure difficult tasks.
Strong	is the opposite of weak. Strong can be described in many of ways such as mental or physical. Something Strong will not break.
Strong	Hall, body lifter, upper body, muscles, buff, steroids, and calf muscles. 
Strong	being able to with stand a lot of weight, lifting heavy objects, lots of muscle or a strong substance.
Strong	able, muscles, tough, powerful, healthy
Strong	A tall person, wide shoulders, big, lifting a lot of weight, overconfident.
Summer	is warm, is a season, comes after spring and before autumn, can be a name for a girl, grass grows during it, there is no school during it, is fun to play in, people don.t want to be inside during it
Summer	warm swimming
Summer	hot, is a season, July, June, August, out of school,  vacations, swimming, relaxation, 
Summer	Summer: is a season, hot, fun, relaxing, people vacation, sun, beach, shorts, in the moths of June through Augest
Summer	is the season after Spring but before Fall, is the hottest season in Missouri, prompts swimming pools to be open and school to be closed, has Independence Day, always seems too short.
Summer	warmth, sun, outdoor activities, the warmest of the four seasons
Summer	is hot, is humid, is a break from school, is sunny, is time for outdoor activities
Summer	hot, sun, swimming, inner tubes
Summer	hot, tan, pool, beach , florida, break, palm trees, ocean, party
Summer	3 months of the year, usually the hottest time of year
Summer	warm, freedom, relaxed
Summer	Warm, in USA it is from may-august, season
Summer	hot, schools out, fun, season
Summer	is when school is out and you're able to enjoy the hot weather.
Summer	Warm, swimming, vacation, happiness
Summer	water, ocean, sun, tan, flowers, vacation, fun, grass, airplanes, luggage, friends
Summer	is hot
Summer	Time of the year, warm, hot
Summer	Flip-flops, ice cream, beaches, vacations, nights, bonfires, baseball, no school, weather, pools, friends, Popsicle, 
Summer	is a warm time of the year
Summer	hot, no school, lots of sun, sunburns, vacations, beach
Summer	brightness, is hot, going to a pool, the ocean, the beach and the sand, the good times, no worries, is long, is short, the sun, used as a break by students, is a season, is the opposite of winter, brings out the animals, 
Summer	hot, swimming, no school, vacations,
Summer	hot, nice, vacation, fun, friends, pool, swimming, sports, family
Summer	funworkjobsno schoolpoolsvacationsummer reading
Summer	opposite of winter, vacation, hot, used for swiming and sun tanning
Summer	Hot days, June, July, and August. Bbqs, 4th of July, beach, lake, swimming, fishing
Summer	is a season, is hot, is a time when children have no school
Summer	Warm, hot, fun, no school, time to relax and hangout without worrying about school. 
Summer	warm, allergies, no school, fun, swimming, high gas prices, hot, sweaty, sports, summer school, season
Summer	hot, sunny, pool, vacation, work, beach, ocean, break from school, season, 
Summer	refers to season or the name of a person, a break from school, summer jobs, vacation time, the most looked forward to by students, sunshine, flowers, swimming
Summer	Warm, swimming, water, ocean, grass, mowing, 
Summer	comes after spring, is hot, no school, nice weather, comes before fall
Summer	Is warm, is free, is fun
Summer	sunny cheerful, no school, hot, warm, pool, vacation, summer jobs, swimming, boating, beach volleyball, hammocks
Summer	is hot, is a season, flowers grow, no emotion, smells like bbq, tastes like ice cream, pools open, people are outside a lot, animals and insects are outside a lot
Summer	fun, hot, sunny, tans, swimming, no school, sleep, work, great memories 
Summer	vacation, work, sun, hot, swimming, river, lake, fishing, cut-offs, shorts, sunglasses, sunscreen, mowing
Summer	a season, the hottest part of the year typically, is part of 3 months of the year
Summer	freedom, yellow, beach, waves, sand, hot, blue, ice cream
Summer	the hot time of the year, the season after spring,when there is no school, the time of my birthday, the time to swim in pools, lakes or oceans, when you can get a tan, wear less clothes, wear swiming suits, when you can go to the lake to have fun, when most water sports are played, you need to stay hydrated because you sweat more
Summer	is hot, has vacations, has freedom, is in the middle of the year, June to August, dry, thunderstorms, tornadoes, drought, beaches, sports, has outdoor activities
Summer	playing football, working out 
Summer	after spring before fall
Summer	summer break, a season, warm weather, swimming, summer school, shorts
Summer	awesome, fun, sun, family, work
Summer	hot, june, july, august, school break, swimming, beach
Summer	is a season, is warm, is sunny, is hot, is fun, no school
Summer	one of the four seasons. roughly between may and august. usually warm time of the year
Summer	hot, SOAR, swimming, fun, free-time, work, money, friends, late-nights, sunshine, yellow
Summer	warmest season, season when sun is most over-head, sun, life can grow fastest, 
Summer	spring, fall, winter, sunshine, hot, no school, work
Summer	has sunny, warm weather, season for swimming, break from school, season for vacations to beaches, happy season, time to go to fairs and concerts and spend time with family and friends, time to relax, trees are green and leafy during this time of year
Summer	Summer is the happiness for most students as they have nearly a 3 month break of being off school.  It is also the season after spring and before fall when it is usually the highest in temperatures.
Summer	is an awesome and fun period of time. My birthday is in the Summer which is why it's my favorite season.
Summer	Sun, tanning, pool, frozen drinks, ice-cream, swimming suits, hot, sweating, school, and lovin'.
Summer	season, warm, after spring, high temperatures, can be a girls name
Summer	hot, beach, sandals, sunglasses, sunscreen, ice-cream trucks, swimming pools
Summer	Is hot, miserable, is very bright, no school for kids, there is plenty of free time.
Sympathy	is given to others, is rarely wanted, a sympathy vote, often mistaken for compassion or empathy, condolences, feeling sorry for someone else
Sympathy	sad
Sympathy	feeling sorry for someone, an emotional feeling, crying, pity, having an emotional connection with or for someone.
Sympathy	Sympathy: is feeling sorry, people can have it for others, feeling sad or bad
Sympathy	is when you feel sorry for someone and try to comfort them, is being kind-hearted to someone having a bad day or has had something bad happen to them.
Sympathy	feeling sorry for another person or thing, a feeling of sadness in response to another
Sympathy	is emotional agreement with another person, used in times of distress, used to help other in grievance
Sympathy	goo goo dolls, nice, kind, happy
Sympathy	nice, caring, kind, friendly, concerned
Sympathy	Feeling sorry or taking it easy on someone
Sympathy	identifying with feelings that are not your own
Sympathy	to show compassion for someones problems
Sympathy	feeling bad for some one
Sympathy	is a feeling you feel for someone when something bad happens to them.
Sympathy	sad, death, caring for others
Sympathy	pity, sad, reach out, help
Sympathy	compassion
Sympathy	to care for, to feel bad for
Sympathy	Feel sorry for, love, cry, upset, hurt
Sympathy	is sorrow felt for someone else
Sympathy	emotion, compassion
Sympathy	is loving, give sympathy to get sympathy, is a good thing, lives in people, is wanted by people from people, 
Sympathy	Sad, 
Sympathy	sorry, feel bad, 
Sympathy	Kid Cudiviolinsharpsinstrumentstuxsmusicballet
Sympathy	feeling sorrow for someone else, giving sympathy to someone who had something bad happen to them
Sympathy	feeling what others are feeling to try and help them
Sympathy	feeling sorry for somebody
Sympathy	Being nice kind compassionate, caring for something.
Sympathy	feeling, sadness, hardship, understanding 
Sympathy	feel sorry
Sympathy	expressing a way of feeling towards someone who is struggling with something, they are sad, upset, etc.
Sympathy	feel sorry for, sadness, 
Sympathy	understanding someones problems, caring for someone
Sympathy	Is kind, is fair
Sympathy	feeling for someone else, comforting, cheering up someone, similar to apathy
Sympathy	emotion, sadness for someone else, felt in all species-for all species, influencing, 
Sympathy	sad, feeling bad, caring for something, caring about other's feelings, gifts, cards, hugs, advice, helping 
Sympathy	feeling sorry for somenone, forgiveness, being concerned for someone, open-hearted, kind
Sympathy	when you feel sorry for someone
Sympathy	emotion, used to relate, sadness, hurt, love
Sympathy	something you feel for another person that is going through a tough time, you feel thier pain and want to help, 
Sympathy	giving ones regards, respect for someones bad experience, is human, remorse, recognizing someone's issues, associated with death
Sympathy	Mom, Father, sybolizing
Sympathy	having compassion for other people
Sympathy	felling sorry for, being kind, feeling, an emotion
Sympathy	feeling, emotion, friends, family, bad situation, compassion
Sympathy	compassion, kindness, consideration, help, 
Sympathy	is feeling bad for others
Sympathy	to feel passion for someone or something
Sympathy	chicken noodle soup, get well cards, love
Sympathy	is caring about others, is important in relationships, is understanding
Sympathy	caring, sadness, feel bad for someone
Sympathy	a feeling of sorrow for someone who is in an unfortunate situation
Sympathy	Sympathy is feeling bad or sorry for someone or something else.  It is when you emotionally feel for someone or something else.
Sympathy	Feeling of sorrow for someone. It is like Empathy, 'putting yourself in ones shoes.'
Sympathy	sorrow, big hearted, and cards. 
Sympathy	feeling bad for  someone, acknowledging sadness or unhappiness, showing feeling.
Sympathy	sad, sorry for, melancholy, feeling, emotion
Sympathy	Feeling sorry for someone, a feeling, showing someone compassion.
Tuesday	the real day of the week, comes after monday and before wednesday, longer classes, middle school football happens on it, staff meetings happen on them
Tuesday	wednesday
Tuesday	day of the week, the thrid day of the week, school/work, 
Tuesday	Tuesday: is a day of the week, after Monday and before Wednseday, third day of the week
Tuesday	is the day after Monday and the day before Wednesday, is the second day of the week.
Tuesday	the third day of the week, a day of work or school, followed by Wednesday and preceded by Monday
Tuesday	is a day of the week, is the second day of a business week, comes after Monday
Tuesday	mardi gras, fat tuesday, after Monday, linguisitcs
Tuesday	after monday, before wednesy, boring, 
Tuesday	Third day of the week
Tuesday	third day of week, after Monday, before Wednesday
Tuesday	A day of the week following Monday
Tuesday	after Monday before Wensday. Fat Tuesday is on this day.
Tuesday	is a day of the week. It comes after Monday.
Tuesday	after Monday, week day, before Tuesday
Tuesday	class, school, math, fitness for living, work, another day of the week
Tuesday	is a weekday
Tuesday	day of the week, class day
Tuesday	Weekday, work, school
Tuesday	is a day of the week
Tuesday	day of the week, comes after monday, comes before wednesday, its 24 hours long, towards the beginning of the week
Tuesday	the day after Monday, a day of the week, consists of 24 hours, a day towards the beginning of the week, is usually a busy day.
Tuesday	Before wednesday, after monday, second day of business week, 
Tuesday	day of week, second school day, third day of the week
Tuesday	not mondayso much longer in weekfoodPED labEnglishCSC
Tuesday	the day after monday, towards the beginning of the week
Tuesday	day of the week. 
Tuesday	is a day of the week, is in the middle of the school week
Tuesday	Day of the week after monday before wednesday. 
Tuesday	Day before hump day, two, after monday, before wednesday, 
Tuesday	day of the week, 
Tuesday	a day of the week, the 3rd day, Tuesdays with Morrie (a book)
Tuesday	day of the week, after monday, work day, school, 
Tuesday	comes after Monday, followed by Wednesday, third day of the week, second day of the work week
Tuesday	Is today
Tuesday	second day in the week, in England it is pronounced choose-day, after Monday before Wednesday, 
Tuesday	is a day, is 1 part of 7
Tuesday	2nd day of the week, boring, nothing special, worst school day for me
Tuesday	day of the week, work day, part of the name of a restaurant, better than Monday, in the calendar
Tuesday	the third day in the week
Tuesday	Monday, boring, middle, hard
Tuesday	the day after monday, the third day of the week if you count from sunday, one of the two T days of the week, 
Tuesday	is the second day of the work week, is the third day of the week, comes after Monday, comes before Wednesday, is better than monday.
Tuesday	work, ruby tuesday, 
Tuesday	3rd day of the week
Tuesday	a day, second day of the work week, ruby tuesday
Tuesday	comes after Monday, comes before Wednesday, has a hard schedule, math 103, a lot of work
Tuesday	day of the week, ruby tuesday, after monday, before wednesday, 
Tuesday	is a day of the week
Tuesday	day of the week. after monday and before wednesday
Tuesday	classes, free evening
Tuesday	is a day of the week, is always capitalized, comes before Wednesday and after Monday,
Tuesday	Sunday Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday, day of the week
Tuesday	third day of the week after sunday and monday; not a happy day; still three days left until the weekend
Tuesday	Tuesday is the third day of the week.  It is the day before Wednesday and after Monday.
Tuesday	A day of the week. Comes after Monday and before Wednesday.
Tuesday	early, boring, and math class. 
Tuesday	day of the week, before wednesday, after monday, comes at the begining of the week
Tuesday	weekday, step practice, close to Wednesday, not Monday, no work, three classes, test next Tuesday 
Tuesday	Is a long day, one day away from halfway through the week, is better than Monday.
Under	under the bed, underwater, a preposition, beneath, hidden, relational to other things
Under	over
Under	having something above you, below, is a descriptive term for a location, 
Under	Under: is below, people can go under things such as beds, can mean lower than something else
Under	is the opposite of over, is low-down, is beneath.
Under	the placement of an object, the opposite of over, below a certain point of reference
Under	is below
Under	underneath, trolls, bridges, trees
Under	beneath, below, underground, 
Under	Beneath something
Under	beneath, below, inferior
Under	when you aren't above something
Under	below
Under	is something below you. 
Under	Below, the ocean
Under	below something, opposite of above, to put beneath, beneath, 
Under	the table
Under	beneath, below something
Under	Wear, over, top, covered up
Under	is opposite of over
Under	not above, beneath
Under	to on top of, below something, looking somewher, is a good place for a worm to live, good place for moles to live, is a good hiding place, 
Under	bend down, beneith
Under	beneath, away, cant see
Under	prvilegedpoorneed morehomlessweight
Under	under the ground, or under a table, opposite of above
Under	beneath something 
Under	below something or someone
Under	Below something, crawling or walking if its bigger then you, good place to hide from things. 
Under	a bridge, below, pressure, adverb 
Under	underwear, underwater, 
Under	below something, under the weather- an expression.
Under	Beneath, Crawl, Squash,
Under	below something
Under	Is low, is easy to reach
Under	below, down, abyss, buried
Under	is a word to help find something, means below something.
Under	below, underneath something, buried
Under	opposite of above, water, used to describe where something is, below
Under	below a surface. under a bridge or water.  
Under	over, place, hidden, below, beneath
Under	when something is on top, you are below or lower than something else, hidding under the bed, 
Under	below, beneath, 
Under	below something, 
Under	below a surface
Under	opposite of over, underwear,below
Under	over, beneath, crawl under something, a location, a place
Under	below, inferior, 
Under	is an adjective, is beneath something else
Under	to place of travel below something
Under	table, water
Under	is beneath, is below something, 
Under	over, down
Under	opposite of over, synonymous with beneath an object, adjective of location
Under	Under means beneath something.  Over is above, and under is beneath.  It is referred to going down below something.
Under	opposite of over. When you are under, you are typically below something, some sort of force, or feeling.
Under	wear, garment, surveillance, graduate, mine, and appreciate. 
Under	something above it, something that has an object on top of it.
Under	beneath, bottom, covered, down, under, below
Under	
Usa	united states of america, patriotism, red white and blue, the fourth of July, world power, debt, nationalism, war, pride, takes, expectant, arrogance, dreams
Usa	freedom
Usa	freedom, located in the middle of North America, is a young country, many different types of ethnicity, democracy, 
Usa	USA: is the United States of America, in North American, counrty, free, democrtic, mixing pot
Usa	is the third-person singular form of the Spanish verb "usar" which means "to use."
Usa	the country located in north america and is the nation considered one of the top powers of the world, has a widespread of climates and cultures 
Usa	is a nation, consists of fifty states, is a part of North America, 
Usa	red, white, blue, partiotic, uncle sam
Usa	red, white, blue, america, freedom, soliders, 
Usa	Country in North America between Mexico and Canada that is composed of 50 states
Usa	United States of America?
Usa	Country, a declining world superpower.
Usa	America, strong nation
Usa	The United States of America
Usa	Freedom, Melting pot of the world, Democracy, lots of history
Usa	america, flag, eagle, fourth of july, stars, stripes, george washington, abe lincoln, foudning fathers, fireworks
Usa	nation
Usa	country, television network, best country in the world
Usa	Olympics, freedom, soldiers, wars, countries
Usa	is a country
Usa	it is a country, i live here, consists of 50 states, obama is currently the president, has freedom, its flag is red white and blue, gives financial support to many country, is an acronym, its connected to mexico and canada
Usa	Is a country, is composed of states, is a democracy, has a president, is 50 states, is in north america, is a free country, is young, is full of life.
Usa	America, Awsome, land of the free, home of the brave
Usa	my home, country, military, America, land of free, 
Usa	'Mericafatfake blondrudeloyalmissunderstoodhistory
Usa	a country, United States of America, holds 50 states, unites us all together
Usa	The United States of America 
Usa	is a country, is made up by 50 states, is where I live
Usa	Freedom, best country, were we live. 
Usa	America, democracy, freedom, republic, constitution, 1776, founding fathers
Usa	united states of america, freedom, happy, 
Usa	unfamiliar word
Usa	United states of america, is a counrty, States within, 
Usa	made up of 50 states, first democratic society, believes in capitalism, in north america
Usa	Is America, is home
Usa	homeland, land of the free, 50 states, one nation under God, from sea to shining sea, red, white and blue, statue of liberty, the arch gateway to the west, Lewis and Clark, the space needle, Rockefeller center, golden gate bridge, liberty bell, white house, melting pot, tossed salad, 
Usa	is a country, is free, is strong, is made up of many smaller places, is a place, is a continent, has lots of humans and animals, smells like nothing tastes like nothing, is big.
Usa	red, white, blue, america, people, freedom, 4th of july, president, free, army, big, liberty
Usa	where I'm from, the best country ever, many rights, liberties, free to do a lot of stuff, organized democracy government, North America, flag, red, white, blue, nation, positive, big, president, sports, fun
Usa	the united states of america, has 400 million people, a country in north america
Usa	united states of America, confusion, Egyptian
Usa	the country of the united states of america, the land of the free, known as the melting pot of the world, has many different people from many different backrounds, the land of opportunity, no longer has slavery, has a democracy, ruled by the people and for the people, not liked by some of the world, a super power
Usa	the United States of America, my country, power, dominance, democracy, freedom, rich country, corrupt country, Olympic team, a nation in economic crisis, hope
Usa	powerful, strong-(it should be)
Usa	greatest country in the world
Usa	freedom, in debt, a country, america, melting pot, free, brave, liberty
Usa	America, citizen, democracy, president, war, health care
Usa	country, patriotism, home, America
Usa	is a country, is freedom, is democracy
Usa	no idea
Usa	foreign language
Usa	is the imperialistic state in the world, is stigmatic, is unorthodox, is stubborn
Usa	country, red white and blue, stars and stripes
Usa	i have no idea what this word means
Usa	USA is the United States of America.  One of the largest countries on earth.  This country is known as the melting pot for all its ethnicities.  It is one of the most popular countries in the world, if not the most popular.
Usa	United States of America is where we are from. Founded by Pilgrams. Louisiana Purchase. Louis and Clark
Usa	nationalism, red white blue, north of mexico, pride, powerful, the best, democracy, and home.
Usa	america, country, free, should be capitalized, many opportunities, on the continent of North America, above South America, water on three sides
Usa	united, democracy, zillions of people, debt, jobs, Obama, hopes, dreams, land of liberty, statue of liberty, New York, New York, Martin Luther King, immigrants 
Usa	A country, many people, bigger is better motto, fast food, has baseball.
Cash	Part of the monetary system, Exchanged for goods and services, Paper money, 
Cash	green, people carry it, used to exchange for goods, made of fibers, has elaborate designs 
Cash	wealth, money, spending
Cash	money, green, bucks
Cash	is money, made out of paper, has pictures of past presidents on it, rectanglular,
Cash	comes from trees, is green, is used to purchase things, can come with the form of bills or coins, is used across the world, 
Cash	money, currency, lack of, plentiful, need to survive, everybody wants money more than they need it
Cash	money, spending money, broke, bank, bank account, none, 
Cash	Money, compensation. Something used to trade for valued items. Green, presidents faces, can be broken down into change. Typically comes in values of $1, $5, $10, $20, and $100.
Cash	currency worth more. paper money representing value
Cash	money, currency, paper, goi
Cash	Currency, valuable, necessity, desired.
Cash	money, financial status and security, needed to sustain living, needed for desires or wants, needed for improvement or to meet goals
Cash	money, green in color, purchasing power, bank, usually in paper form, coin money is related to cash, debit card or credit cards are considered plastic cash, people pay for things with cash, people work to earn cash, is the medium of exchange
Cash	
Cash	green moneycurrency
Cash	green, paper, thin, lightweight, has different values, can be spent, buys things
Cash	green, cars, house, happiness
Cash	money, paper, green
Cash	is money 
Cash	shopping, spend it, save it, new car, green, from working, worth something, usefull, fun, makes you happy, spend on anything, 
Cash	money, dollars, change, important
Cash	money, johnny cash
Cash	Money, currency, change, dollars, used to buy things like food, clothes, a house,
Cash	shopping, spending money, opposite: credit card, is the color green
Cash	green, dollars, a lot, wanted
Cash	
Cash	
Cash	money, different in all countries, 
Cash	money, flow, paycheck, payday, game shows, lottery, change
Cash	money!, poor, job, green, crumpled
Cash	currency, dimes, nickels, pennies, dollars, bills, used for paying bills, made from working a job,
Cash	money, is very dirty, makes the world go round, made of paper
Cash	Cash is a noun, a verb, and, in slang, an adjective. The noun is a synonym for money, the verb describes to change something into money, and the adjective describes something as good on an epic scale. Ex. "Shit was so cash."
Cash	money, power, "Cash on hand"
Cash	is used to pay for things, paper money as opposed to coins, can rip easily, is green, can be a one, five, ten, twenty, fifty, or hundred dollar bill. 
Cash	something used to buy things
Cash	neccessity, paper, dirty, people strive for it, can show peoples true colors, green, economy
Cash	green, comes in ones fives tens twenties fifities and hundreds, head on front, different pictures dealing with government on back, amount all over, have holographic symbol
Cash	is used to buy things, is green, is made of paper, is used by humans to purchase things, is found in wallets
Cash	money, wish I had more, debt, millionaire, finance, accounting, can lead to good or bad decisions, athletes, CEO's
Cash	scarce, vital, makes life go round, easy to spend, hard to keep, work, job, savings, objects, stuff, impress people, success, green, paper, small
Cash	is spendable money, is hard to make unless you have a good job, doesn't have very much value anymore, takes a lot to get ahead, is made from trees
Cash	money, dollar bills, green, has presidents' faces on one side, used to purchase things
Cash	is slang for money, is used to buy things, is made of paper, is green, is also a verb, you can....a check 
Cash	nice to haveimportantmeans you have a job or someone is supporting youeveryone wants somegreen smells nasty1s,5s,10s,20s, 100schecksbanksatms
Cash	money, green
Cash	green, used to buy things, has the faces of presidents on them, rectangle, made of paper
Cash	paper, coin, green, copper, silver, hard currency
Cash	money, you can buy things with cash, green, old, wrinkled, dirty, get it at the bank, grocery stores, for babysitting and working, 1,5,10,20,50,100, different values, made of paper, people steal it and try to duplicate it, if you have a lot of it you're rich
Cash	Common term in America.  Paper money.  Referring to green paper money and in some cases change.  Omits money stored on credit cards or in a bank.  Made by the U.S. government in mints.
Cash	Great, green, scarce, becoming obsolete, paper, cloth, makes people happy, gift
Cash	Money, value, bank, economics, wanted, career, needed, dinero, george washington
Cash	
Cash	something you use to pay for items, paper, comes in various amounts (i.e- $1, $5, etc.), green and white, used by many people
Cash	Money, green, paper, coins, dinero, necessary to buy objects, smells funny, in banks, resturants, stores.
Cash	Green, spending, not enough, counterfeit, mint, stolen, bad economy, smells good
Cash	money, buy, food, change
Cash	Paper money, 
Cash	Work, birthday, presents, not a debit card, bank
Cash	another word for money, most often paper money, used to pay for things, kept in banks, kept in wallets, kept in safes at home, can be spent or saved, it could be used as a verb, like to cash in checks
Cash	is paper money and coins, is tangible, is something people many people desire, is used to buy things, is saved up
Cash	MoneyHelps you buy thingsMore you have you are richLess you have you are poor
Cash	cash money, paper, green, bills, dollars, Johnny Cash
Cash	Money, Green, Used to Purchase things, Useful, 
Cash	rich people, used to buy food, used to buy clothes, used to buy everything =), used to pay bills :'(
Cash	many types of bills of paper with numbers on them used to purchase belongings.  also known as a term of sleeping
Cash	money, rich, buy things, 
Cash	currency, what our economy is based on, almost paper, but more like fabric, everyone desires it, when you don't have any it is all you think about, made from trees, it is green, it is covered in watermarks, it is woven, there are colored fibers through it making it nearly in-counterfeit-able, is used by everyone and is easily exchanged for other currencies
Cash	Money, coins, names, used in convient stores, used in casino's, power, used for payments such as bill and buying stuff
Cash	is a paper used to represent our currency, different values, different president picture for different value, has hidden images within the paper only seen when held to light, is square
Choice	Decision, Opportunity, 
Choice	option to pick one thing or another, we all have choices, 
Choice	option, freedom, individual, self
Choice	opinion, choose
Choice	is an option, something that is preferred, can be a solution to a problem
Choice	decision, opinion, personal, individual, unique, options, 
Choice	decision making, personal matter, make up someone or somethings mind, consequence; good or bad
Choice	your own, hard to make, million per day, affect your life, 
Choice	Option, decision, something that you can choose.
Choice	multiple options that must be considered before making. a choice usually means there are right and wrong things and you must reason to find the most right one
Choice	options, you decided
Choice	Free will, right and wrong, the better choice, left or right, your position, biased.
Choice	decision, responsibility, indivituality, variety, morality
Choice	people make decisions,  moral decision, choices are made every day, option, multiple-choice question on an exam
Choice	
Choice	decisionobstacle
Choice	a decision, has to be made, its normally personal, can have a large impact. 
Choice	free, open, creative
Choice	decision, life, maturity
Choice	to make a decision
Choice	best choice, cheep, my decision, no one can change my mind, options
Choice	is what you want to do, independent, decisions, sometimes hard to do, happens everyday day
Choice	variety of things to choose from
Choice	what to wear, who to vote for, what car to buy, requires thought
Choice	decision, personal, preference
Choice	option, given, many
Choice	
Choice	
Choice	is a option, choosing between two or more things, 
Choice	drink or drive, smoke, do or dont, 
Choice	decisions, personal, adult-like
Choice	decision, yes or no, up or down, left or right,
Choice	is up to me,  hard to make, right versus wrong
Choice	A choice is a decision that is to be made with more than one option. It can be as few as two, but generally has many options.
Choice	multiple options, the best, "Choice cuts"
Choice	a decision someone makes, can be a good choice or a bad choice, picking between two or more things
Choice	something that you choose to do. 
Choice	option, opinion, left/right, right,wrong, ethics
Choice	decision, multiple factors, made by aa person, dependent on the persons values morals etc., nothing forced into
Choice	is one of multiple, is used to make a decision, is used on tests
Choice	an option, can be good or bad, path to success or failure, may hurt someone, rewarding, short or long term, conscious or unconscious
Choice	opinion, option, variety, multiple chances, decision, final thought
Choice	your decision
Choice	when someone can decide by their own free will, no outside influences to help pick
Choice	everyone has a...
Choice	independenceyour choiceyour problem your analysisyour ideayour understaning your meaningimportant to make good choicevery important
Choice	decision, deciding what to do in your life that could possibly be important
Choice	
Choice	multiple options, freedom to select, prefrence
Choice	someones decision, an action plan, your own objections and decisions, selecting what you want, most people have and express their choices, gain more as you get older, what you prefer or like better
Choice	Somewhat of a "this" or "that".  Freedom.  
Choice	decision, consequences
Choice	decisions, right and wrong, this or that, life or death
Choice	
Choice	something that you decide, having options, picking between multiple things, can be difficult or easy
Choice	An option, could be in food, clothes, job, school, music, television, friends, country, house, street, pet, name. 
Choice	picking one thing or another for better or worse, taking one path or another, deciding to listen or to go against instructions,
Choice	many
Choice	valued, wanted, best of it competitors, something preferred over another or many others.
Choice	something you decide, can be hard or easy, 
Choice	decisions, options, some are good, some are bad, preferences
Choice	is freedom to do what ever you want, ties in with responsibility, is an earned quality for some people.
Choice	Good or bad choicesOpinion
Choice	options, not black and white usually, pro-choice politics, can lead to good or bad consequences
Choice	decision, hard, options, 
Choice	tests, restaurants, food, clothes, 
Choice	The ability to pick what you want to do or what you want to read.  Also considered as "an option you have that is at your discretion. 
Choice	make decision, 
Choice	ultimatum, one option when there are many
Choice	option, decision, right or wrong, 
Choice	is one option of multiple solutions, often a right and wrong answer, has consequences, is conscience decision
Clay	Found in ground, Can be molded, Pots, Pipes, Jars, 
Clay	is a mineral, you can make things out of it, can be different colors, looks like dirt, 
Clay	Earthly, structural, malleable
Clay	dirt, soil, earth
Clay	is grey, used in art class, not edible, can be different shapes, is soft when wet, hard when dry,
Clay	art class, ceramic, pots, vases, mold, spinning wheel, paint, shape, create, design
Clay	Name, mud, art, gooey
Clay	Found in the earth, hard to dig through, good building material.
Clay	squishy, mud, dirty, used in ceramics, malleable.
Clay	found in dirt, used to make pottery or form shapes, smooth
Clay	type of soil, can be soft or hard, can be wet or dry. art, useful, 
Clay	Red, Oklahoma, molding, sculptures, art, organic, grey, vase, squishy, play do, bowls, Indians.
Clay	art, molding, shaping, hardens, messy
Clay	a person's name, something you can play with and mold, could be a type of dirt, clay shooting disks
Clay	
Clay	mudartrough
Clay	a molding material, fun to play with, squishy, soft, 
Clay	model, art, squishy
Clay	mineral, building material, dull in color, comes in different colors, found all over the world, hardens when fired in a kiln
Clay	a type of soil that is red in color and extremely hard
Clay	Clay Country, clay in the ground, brownish redish, like dirt, like play-do, sticky, hard, tough to pull apart.
Clay	squishy, brown, dirty, messy, wheel, sculptures
Clay	earthy material, used for pottery, used for bricks, soft when moist, hard when dried out
Clay	Pottery, tennis court, 
Clay	mud, muddy, play-doh, earth
Clay	malluable, mushy, dusty when dryed, wet, smelly
Clay	
Clay	
Clay	a person's name, usually a boy, a form of art, used to make shapes.
Clay	my friend, dirt, mountains, 
Clay	Oklahoma, water, smoothe
Clay	is mold-able, is brown usually, is sold in stores, used in art, used for
Clay	can be molded, used for tennis courts, used in art classes,  usually a greyish color
Clay	Clay is a sort of soft stone easily malleable. It can also be used as a shortening for the name Clayton.
Clay	dirt, brown, tan, wet, sticky
Clay	something used to make pottery, found in the ground, brownish in color, soft, sticky, cold in the ground 
Clay	used in models, you can form something that you imagine or use for a project
Clay	art, play-doh, minerals, pottery, sculpture, expression, plates, flower vase
Clay	kids like to play with, can come in a bunch of colors, main color is brownish, used to make 3D images, image can be molded
Clay	is a solid, is mold-able, is gray, is used by humans for pottery, is soft
Clay	is a reddish brownish color, a solid, can form into different shapes, soft, can be cold or warm, used my small kids, can be torn, can be added too, used in art
Clay	Soft, colorful, mendable, it can be cold or warm, solid, artistic, sturdy, grainy taste, smooth surface
Clay	is red or brown, sticky, messy
Clay	Reddish-brown substance, squishy when wet, hard when dry, used to build things such as houses and pots, used a lot more in ancient times, can be decorative, can be found in the bottom of rivers or in or around water sources, can contain small rocks
Clay	is fun, is usually brown, can be molded, can be baked, can be used for pottery, can be used to seal things, comes from dirt
Clay	graymotionlessartcan be modeled into structuressqushysmells like childhood play-docan be made into different shapes
Clay	model with, make beautiful things
Clay	moist, used for modeling, used in art rooms, makes sculptures, brown
Clay	form of soil, able to heat and form pottery and other utensils, fertile soil
Clay	grey, slimey substance found in the ground under sand or dirt. can be used to build things, smells natural and dirty, smooth consistency, comes from nature, can be used to make pottery or dishes, indians used to make things 
Clay	Used to build houses and artwork.Starts out a dark, grey color when wet, but eventually dries to a lighter color that can be painted.Clay bricks have been used for many years by humans in the building of homes and is still used, especially in LDC's
Clay	decorative, from the earth, used by almost everyone, brown, red, grey, artistic
Clay	gray, from the earth, pottery, messy, soft, mold, cast, bowl, pinch pot, spinning wheel
Clay	
Clay	is thick, often found in nature, red-brown in color, can be used for crafts, can be wet or dry, sometimes hard
Clay	is used to make art, is sticky, is a type of soil, can be molded, is usually a rusty red color, smells odd, is heavy.
Clay	Is reddish-brown, can be made into a mold, some pots are made out of clay, used for adobe buildings, 
Clay	mud, used to make things
Clay	earth conponent, ceramic clay pots, clay putty
Clay	mud, water, brown, dirt, pottery, kelm, make bowls
Clay	wet, messy, used to make pottery, can be red or gray, can be found in the ground, could be a name of a man
Clay	is from the ground, is a type of dirt, is used to make pottery, is red or gray, is a religious term, can be formed into many different things, can be hardened by heat.
Clay	Something you can moldHardSoftDifferent colors
Clay	pottery, throwing clay, potters wheel, soil, make huts and pots out of it, a boy's name, its messy, wearing gloves while working with it, in a garden, useful 
Clay	used to mold, wet or dry, can be mud, used for art. 
Clay	for making art, to make cooking pans
Clay	a type of material used to create house materials or artwork
Clay	redish brown color, found underground, used in building, used to make pottery
Clay	very hard to dig in, suffocates plants, holds water well, barrier, useful for pottery 
Clay	Red, hard mud, thick, nonedible, used to make houses, used to make brick, used to make pottery, used in schools
Clay	can be molded, different colors, squishy, not made to eat, used to make all different kinds of crafts (flower pots, bowls)
Coke	Drug, White, Powder, Drink, 
Coke	soda, its dark colored, carbonated, you can drink it, has lots of sugar, to much can be bad, comes in cans and bottles
Coke	drink, soda, red
Coke	Soda
Coke	is a beverage, type of soda, brown, edible, 
Coke	soda, drink, liquid, beverage, tasty, treat, sweets, sugar, diet coke, brand, 
Coke	soda, beverage, drink, liquid, thirst quenching, tasty, delicious, movies, good with popcorn
Coke	pepsi, soda, cocaine, burning of thoat, tasty, refreshing, 
Coke	A drug, a beverage, a hallucinogen, brown or white, 
Coke	soft drink. the original soda as far as i know
Coke	drug, white, powder, illegal, 
Coke	is a beverage, better cold, quenches thirst, is very crisp, is a dark brown/black.
Coke	Soda,unhealthy,red can, tin can, recycable, dissolves pennies.
Coke	coke-a-cola, soda, beverage, coke is usually canned or bottled, when out to eat you may drink a coke with your meal
Coke	
Coke	sodabeverage liquid
Coke	soda, tastes very good, dark, lot of sugar, unhealthy, liquid, carbonated
Coke	sweet, sugar
Coke	pepsi, cola, soda, caffeine
Coke	a sugary beverage that is highly acidic yet very delicious
Coke	Coca-cola, good, sweet, fattening, cold, red, white, can, drink, soda, pop, caffeine, sugar, sodium.
Coke	is a soda, bubbles, carbonated, tastes good, dark, unhealthy, addictive, glass, drink with pizza, popular, bottle
Coke	a brand of soda, a drug, 
Coke	drink, soda, caffeine, red bottle/can, competitor to pepsi, dark, liquid, 
Coke	soda, coca-cola, is sweet and syrupy, has lots of sugars, is a soda, is a beverage, is not thirst quenching
Coke	fizzy, red can, cursive lettering, in a can, in a bottle, brown, cold 
Coke	
Coke	
Coke	a soda, a term for a drug, 
Coke	drugs, drinks,  
Coke	pepsi, 
Coke	is a drink, is a drug, can be drank, is sold in wal-mart, is sold by drug-dealers, is $1.49 in stores, can be sniffed, is edible
Coke	type of pop, sometimes used generically for soda or pop,  is the first or second largest refreshment corporation in the world, tastes good
Coke	Coke is a metal that becomes steel. It is also a shortening of a soda, company, and illegal substance.
Coke	Pop, soda, not pepsi, tasty, hamburgers go great with it
Coke	is a soda, is fizzy, used for energy, has a either a red or silver label, can be diet or regular, is carbonated, is a dark soad, anyone who wants it can drink it
Coke	a type of pop or soda. 
Coke	brown, dark, brand, drink, old fashion, strong, bottle, polar bear commercials
Coke	form of soda pop, red can, taste good, can be a drug that is white, drank with dinner, high in sugar, also known as coca-cola
Coke	is a beverage, is used by humans to drink, is brown, is liquid, is bubbly
Coke	Coca Cola, dark soda, red wrapper on bottle, one of biggest companies worldwide, terrible drug, caffeine, addictive, lot of sugar, bad for health, popular
Coke	beverage, drug, christmas, dark soda, tasty, successful company, caffeine, addictive, sugar, bad teeth, dental, kids, money
Coke	soda, pop, diet coke, is bad for your teeth, has lots of sodium
Coke	soft drink, made by the Coca-Cola Company, carbonated, brown, comes in a can, bottle, or out of a fountain
Coke	is a drink, is brown, is bubbly, is cola, is carbonated, is high in sugar, is not good for you, is liked by many
Coke	dark sodabad for your healthteethfattingcherry cokeor normal cokepopular sodadrink on special occasions or just for drinking reasonsyellow teeth
Coke	soda, dark, cavities
Coke	fizzy, drank by people, has a red label, contains caffeine, makes people crazy, used by people to relax
Coke	soda brand, slang for cocaine, south USA for any soda, capible of cleaning
Coke	drug, snorted with the nose, illegal, white, powdery, expensive, bad for you, only get it from a drug dealer; a type of soda, drink, dark brown, fizzles, carbonated drink, too much is bad for you, makes you burp, drink with ice, best when its cold, get if from the store or restaurant 
Coke	Commercial soda aka. Coca Cola. Dark brown caramel color, similar to that of Pepsi, but not like Sprite or Rootbeer.
Coke	Product, is a drink, is a soda, is carbonated, is dark, is fizzy, is sweet, is bad for you
Coke	Bad for you, soft drink, beverage, sugar, junk food, polar bear and santa
Coke	
Coke	is a drink, soda, dark brown, sugar, red and white can, polar bears, a drug, addiction
Coke	A type of pop or soda, is acidic, removes battery acid, is really sugary, is bad for you, tastes good, is an American symbol, is drank at resturants, sport events, in homes, in cars.
Coke	bubbly, fizzy, any soft drink, better with real sugar cane, Texas and Mexico, 
Coke	bad
Coke	Soda Pop, drink, contains carbonation, many different types, beverage production brand: coke products. 
Coke	soda, drugs, caffeine, fizz 
Coke	soda, drug, red label, white cursive letters, the polar bear, acidic, sold, refreshing (the soda), old glass bottle or glasses
Coke	is a type of soda, is dark, comes in a bottle or can, refers to drugs
Coke	A drinkMakes you not thirstyDietCherry
Coke	Pepsi cola, cola, pop, carbonation, clear or dark, bubbles, cans, glass or bottles, cocaine, soda, sometimes caffeinated, highest source of added sugar for American kids, not healthy 
Coke	Soft drink, Beverage,Comes in a glass, bottle, can or from fountain, unhealthy
Coke	cocaine, refreshment, better version of Pepsi, brand name for Cola,
Coke	a type of soda with addicting caffeine
Coke	soda, drug, 
Coke	an illegal drug, speed, a soft drink, a soda, 
Coke	Soda, very acidy, dark, edible, taste sweet, red can, carbonated
Coke	is a company that provides different flavored soda, with its signature being the original coca cola, bad for your teeth, lots of sugar, darker soda, found in stores, can or bottle, drank by humans 
Deep	Far down, Hole, Long, 
Deep	relative, 
Deep	water, in over my head, under
Deep	far,black,down
Deep	is away from the surface, can be the thought of metaphorically like a piece of writing can be deep,
Deep	not shallow, ocean, far into, pool, depth
Deep	emotional, not shallow, far
Deep	ocean, far down, no way out, dark, 
Deep	Down under, dark, depths of the abyss, far within emotion
Deep	goes far down in a hole, often dark at the bottom.
Deep	hole, down,
Deep	Ocean, thoughts, lyrics, conversations, water, stories, space, symbols.
Deep	intense, opposite of shallow, water, personalities, pain
Deep	can describe a hole, depth, associated with dark colors, scary or eerie feeling, size or shape
Deep	
Deep	oceanholesdepth
Deep	not shallow, goes far down, 
Deep	ocean, fishing
Deep	water, depth, inside
Deep	not shallow; to be vast
Deep	ocean, trouble, in a long ways, hurt, bad, not good
Deep	ocean, long, wide, never ending, tall
Deep	extending far downward, 
Deep	low, ocean, canyons, far down, 
Deep	antonym: shallow; lake, ocean, pool etc can be deep
Deep	ocean, river, lake, wide, long, meaningful, taken to the heart
Deep	
Deep	
Deep	a hole, digging to be deep, not being where you want to be, 
Deep	water, sexual, sharks, swimming, fishing, trouble, conditioning
Deep	shallow, thoughtful
Deep	a persons perception of deep differs but is usually a consensus after 10 feet or so, holes, ditches, abyss,
Deep	has a lot of depth, like a ocean, canyon, or valley, is used to describe cuts or wounds on your body
Deep	Deep describes the quality of being challenging to discover the entirety of. Minds and geography can be described as deep.
Deep	Not shallow, wound, crevice, trench, ocean 
Deep	digging into someones personality, sitting and talking about personal problems with someone you are close to
Deep	something that is far back or down. Like in the deep of an ocean, could be miles. 
Deep	within, grand canyon, cut, poetry, meaning
Deep	far, in depth, baseball are hit deep, all in your feelings, more affectionate than normal, cuts
Deep	is a measurement, is vast, is far out in the ocean, is used to describe water
Deep	oceans, low, heartful, deep into earth, passionate, love, sorrowful, deep caring, honesty, volcanoes
Deep	low, intense, heartfelt, below the surface, cut into, dug into, passionate, sorrowful
Deep	far under the surface, meaningful
Deep	not shallow, can't touch the bottom of something, can't see the bottom of something
Deep	is not close to the surface, is complex
Deep	oceanlakeriverdeep feelingsbluedark bluebottomendlessnever endingunstoppable scary
Deep	deep water, scary, dark
Deep	ocean
Deep	far in depth, far under the surface
Deep	the ocean is deep, goes far down into the ground, hard to get out of, in over your head, extends downward to the ground or into the ground
Deep	Underground, mostly pertaining to the deeps of the seas.  Dark, wet, extremely cold, containing little life of fish. (assuming we're still looking at this as solely a noun)
Deep	Has substance, can be dove into, pool, dark, interesting, meaningful
Deep	trench, low, down, dark
Deep	
Deep	far below, water, underground, cave, cold, dark, hard to get to or reach
Deep	a measurement, used to measure the ocean, lakes, craters, emotions, meanings, the opposite of shallow.
Deep	Ocean, Philosophical, 
Deep	is vast, ocean, as space
Deep	adjective, physical/literal examples describing depth: holes, cut, level of water. describing someone as not superficial, or of more meaning.
Deep	hole, cut, dark, ocean
Deep	deep end of the pool where there is usually a diving board or a slide, in depth, used to explain good, well-thought out thoughts, level of measurement
Deep	is low, is dark, is something that much thought was put into, is a way of describing someone who can express their innermost feelings
Deep	Deep conversationDepth of waterbottom of the ocean
Deep	ocean- deep sea fishing; earths core; "that's deep"- meaningful, emotional, well thought out, in tune with their emotion; "They are in deep"- in trouble, many consequences;  
Deep	long way down, holds a lot
Deep	water, the ocean, feelings, thoughts, cuts, angles
Deep	something that is very well thought out and explained perfectly and detailed specifically. also where some place or something is a very long ways downward. 
Deep	ocean is deep, hole, 
Deep	not shallow, thoughtful, mysterious, can have an undercurrent
Deep	hollow, big hole, dark, discribing a story, huge, cold
Deep	is the opposite of superficial, near the middle or bottom, further than the rest
Dime	Ten, Part of the monetary system, Sliver, Coin, 
Dime	money, 10 cents, made of metal, is hard , round, shiny, silver used to buy things, can be kept in your pocket 
Dime	money, 10, ten
Dime	money, coins, change
Dime	is a coin, silver, used to buy something, round, worth ten cents
Dime	money, coin, change, 10 cents, similar to nickle, penny, quarter 
Dime	hot guy, money, currency, ten cents, two nickels, ten pennies
Dime	ten, good looking girl, money, roosevelt, small coin, 
Dime	Money used to buy objects, a piece of change. Value of 10cents. Refers to the number 10. 
Dime	worth 10 cents. US currency. small circular shaped silver coin
Dime	change, 10 cents, smallest coin, metal 
Dime	Money, ten, silver, coin, valuable.
Dime	change, amount is ten cent, gray, round, hard
Dime	coin money, worth ten cents, considered change, round, small
Dime	
Dime	coinsilver2 nickles
Dime	ten, form of currency, 
Dime	money, round, silver
Dime	ten, change, silver
Dime	a 10cent piece that is silver in color
Dime	spend it, silver, light, 10 cents, has a face on one side, small, circle, 
Dime	money, penny, quarters, 10, silver, round, small
Dime	silver, worth 10 cents, small
Dime	shinny, ten cents, small silver, form of currency, one tenth of a dollar, Franklin D. Roosevelt,
Dime	change, coins, 10, silver
Dime	quarters, 10, nickels, penny, small amount
Dime	
Dime	
Dime	10 cents, money, 
Dime	money. change, coins
Dime	nickle, penny, quarter, money, time
Dime	currency, round, worth 10 cents, can be a raise, can be made by working, cant buy much anymore, is very light, is smaller than a penny, is used in phrases
Dime	equivalent to ten cents,  is the smallest coin, very shiny.
Dime	Dime defines a ten year jail sentence, a ten cent coin in American currency, and a small bag of marijuana.
Dime	10 cents, nearly worthless by itself, means a perfect 10 when referring to someone who is attractive
Dime	a coin, equals ten cents, is silver, is small, is thin, can pay people with it
Dime	worth ten cents, a small silver coin
Dime	10 cents, cute person (slang), coin, metal, president, small, round
Dime	ten cents, silver, smallest coin, help count by ten, third largest coin amount, head on front, candle on back
Dime	is a coin, is round, is silver, is used by humans as currency
Dime	ten cents, very good looking girl, silver, smallest coin, a tenth of a dollar, not a lot of money, metal
Dime	10 cents, attractive girl, not a lot of money, small, 10th of a dollar, silver, coin, metal
Dime	part of our currency, small, circular, shiny, silver, ridges on the side, equivalent to ten cents
Dime	ten cents, smallest American coin, worth the third from least amount of American money, shiny, round, bumpy edges, one side has a face and year, the other side says e puribus unum
Dime	is worth ten cents, is worth 2 nickels, is barely smaller than a penny, has a serrated edge, has Roosevelt's head on it, is one tenth of a dollar, is silver
Dime	money silversmall 10 centsnot much money but its moneyI have a lot in my car
Dime	money, 10 cents, small, silver, smells funny, probably really dirty
Dime	round, silver, money, used as payment, used in the US, found in wallets or pockets, usually forgotten
Dime	10 cents, measurement of marijuna, 
Dime	worth 10 cents, silver, round, disc shaped, hard, cold, can be exchanged for goods, change for cash, not worth a lot, used as money in the united states
Dime	Small, thin, silver.  Used as a source of monetary value in exchange for goods.  Money valid only in America.
Dime	currency, silver, metal, worth ten cents, 
Dime	Value, worth, currency
Dime	
Dime	used to pay for items, coin, worth 10 cents, silver in color, made of metal, shiny or dull, president's face, ridged edges
Dime	is a type of coin, is money, is worth 10 cents, is change, is used for pop machines or meters. 
Dime	sliver, form of American currency, tiny, cylinder shaped,
Dime	ten
Dime	coin, currency, worth ten pennies or two nickles. 
Dime	money, 10 cents, coin, silver, round
Dime	a coin worth ten cents, another name for an assist in basketball, used to describe a woman or man who is the "whole package"
Dime	is money, is silver, is a coin, made of metal, used to pay for things, saved up
Dime	Money10 cents
Dime	silver, smallest coin, coin, 10 cents, 10 make a dollar, not a useful as a quarter"dime a dozen"- cheap, inexpensive, easy to get
Dime	money, valued at .10, silver, 
Dime	currency, smallest coin, american money
Dime	a type of money, more of a type of change.  it is round and silver. worth 10cents
Dime	coin, money, used to buy things,
Dime	it is metal, it is silver, it is round and flat, it is currency, it is spent often at garage sales, it isn't very useful by itself, part of a whole, can add up, exchanged for goods
Dime	Money, 10 cent, hard, silver, shinny (most of the time), currency, presidents face on the front, nonedible
Dime	a coin for currency, worth ten cents, one of several coins, used to purchase things, found everywhere including the ground, circular, made of metal
Disc	Circular, Round, Flat, Computer, 
Disc	flat and round, frisbee, cd, can be made of many things
Disc	computer, information, compact
Disc	CD, music,movie,small
Disc	is the shape of a doughnut hole, used to store information, is plastic, normally the back is shiny, normally the front is decorated, can be played in computers and stereos, 
Disc	computer, cd, information storage, music, 
Disc	CD, DVD, audio, music, movie
Disc	Cd, floppy disc, disc golf 
Disc	Circular object with flat surface, can be used as a CD or DVD. Sometimes dubbed as a frisbee in sports. 
Disc	circular. a flat cylinder. often rotates
Disc	round, 
Disc	Frisbee, round, flat, music, cd.
Disc	music, movies, shows videogames, computer programs, videos,, dvds, game consoles
Disc	CD, DVD, video game, circular in shape, usually associated with electronics, a frisbee is a type of disc you throw
Disc	
Disc	CdDVDaudioelcetronic
Disc	thin, circular, can store data, can be thrown for fun,
Disc	frisbee, CD, music
Disc	golf, computer, compact
Disc	an implement used to plow the ground
Disc	music, frisbee, 
Disc	music, movies, rounds, shiny, silver
Disc	can hold music, played in cd players or on computers, 
Disc	CD, DVD, round, 
Disc	cd's, circular object
Disc	has music on it, round, shiny, silver
Disc	
Disc	
Disc	a cd, stores memory, plays music, 
Disc	cd, dvd, frisbee, music songs 
Disc	round, sound, flat, shiny
Disc	round object, can be thrown, is a weapon, can differ in weight, used for skeet shooting, used in the middle-ages for wars,
Disc	is used for music, games, and movies on computers, DVDs, and game consoles.  is round with a whole in the middle and shiny on one side
Disc	A disc is a shape, or used to describe something in the shape of a disc.
Disc	CD, music, video games
Disc	a CD, DVD, ect, also a disk in your back, music, movies, or the body, having a broken disk in your back
Disc	something that yo can put into a computer or tv. has music, pictures, videos, etc.
Disc	cd, technology
Disc	round, circular, silver back, plays music or video game or dvd, hole in the middle, type of throw for track
Disc	is an object, is round, is shiny, is silver, is used to put files on, goes in a computer
Disc	vertebrae, cd, video games, movies
Disc	information holder, small, circular, shiny, cd, dvd, video game, software
Disc	something you can record cds on, circular, shiny
Disc	can out songs, movies, or pictures on it, can hold data on it, round, thin, shiny or can be variety of colors, works in a comouter or DVD player, hole in center, smooth
Disc	is round, can hold music, can hold video, can hold pictures, can be compact, can be large, another word for frisbee 
Disc	cd?musicmoviescomputerssoundpicturesmotionssightdisc drive
Disc	cd, music, loud
Disc	used to watch movies, silver, small, round, stores information, used to listen to music, used by people
Disc	round, circular, fairly flat, perfectly round
Disc	flat, round, thin object, contains information, can be bought at stores, inserted into DVD players, computers, encrypted information, metal object put into someones back to make it feel better, reflective
Disc	Used in sports and electronics.  May be plastic and a variety of colors for frisbee, or can be reflective and used to store information to be played back later.  In all cases, is round and mostly flat and compact.
Disc	compact, storage, obsolete
Disc	CD, music, cd player, dvd, video games, discography
Disc	
Disc	holds music or other information, round, silver, shiny, breakable, computers
Disc	can be a DVD or CD, used in the computer, used to play music, used to watch movies, to store photos, to store files, used to play games.
Disc	CDs, DVDs, hold music, holds movies, Circular in shape, 
Disc	cirlce
Disc	thin flat surfaced object 
Disc	CD, DVD, storage, music, movies
Disc	holds music, holds other information, can be used in a computer, can be used in a boombox 
Disc	is a device you can burn things like music and photos to, is a piece of plastic, is shiny, is round, can be used for transferring things to or from a computer.
Disc	Located in your backAlso known as a CDSort of like a fresbee
Disc	the 90's, replaced by Ipods, circular, CD, holds music, files, videos, etc. Disc golf, Frisbee golf, frolfDiscus  
Disc	Compact, thin, silver, 
Disc	Cds, software, UFO, mp3 disc,used in computer, played cd player, 
Disc	something movies and saved material and music come on.  a round object used to distribute audio and visual sources.
Disc	Cd, DVD, movie, music, 
Disc	computer memory, can store pictures on and music, basically store any data on
Disc	Round, hard, cd's, records, holds music, holds information, 
Disc	an advancement from the cassette, becoming useless as time progresses, shiny, different colors, holds different types of data, runs in different devices, found in offices and houses everywhere
Driving	Sixteen, Car, Highway, Cross country, Road rage, Privilege, 
Driving	driving a car, going from point a to point b, can be boring, can be dangerous, have to be a certain age to do it, 
Driving	fast, travel, transportation
Driving	heavy, powerful, lashing
Driving	a person operating some sort of transportation, usually when a person is holding a steering wheel,  
Driving	permit, 16 years old in U.S./varies amoung countries,car, license, truck, SUV, speed, speed limits,  cops, police, driving a boat or other piece of machinery 
Driving	fun, fast, independent, road trips, car, automobile, boat
Driving	car, truck, fast, slow, stop, go, yield, slow down, wrong way, high way, traffic,gas, gas station, money, insurence
Driving	to push forward, gain in speed and intensity; something done in a motor vehicle to travel long distances.
Driving	operating a vehicle. requires license because it can be dangerous. gets you from one place to another quickly
Driving	have goals, what pushes you
Driving	Dangerous, necessary, required full attention.
Driving	traffic, stop lights, cars, highway, interstate, parking, radio, police cars, speed limits, tickets.
Driving	form of transportation, people drive vehicles, maneuvering an object, need different licenses to drive different objects, open road driving, highway driving, gravel road driving
Driving	
Driving	carracingroad
Driving	what you do to operate a vehicle
Driving	car, keys, stereo
Driving	car, boat, manuvering, controlling
Driving	to be in control of a moving vehicle whether it is a car, tractor, bike, etc
Driving	badly, recklessly, horrible, carefull, between the lines, speed limit, buckle up, no drinking and driving, no texting, 
Driving	car, annoying, road rage, get to places fast, speed, stop light, stop sign, signals, tickets, speed limit
Driving	the control of a car
Driving	car, truck, van, road, highway, license, permit, accidents, insurance, stop lights/signs,
Driving	driving cars, boats, trains, planes; is an action; driving age is 16 years old, need driving license for ID
Driving	frustrating, annoying, sometimes long, gets you where you want to be faster
Driving	
Driving	
Driving	how to steer a car, people watch as a sport, goes along with speed. from one point to another
Driving	car, speed, lights, music
Driving	attention, car, speed, lights, narrow roads
Driving	cars, trains, airplanes, tanks, boats, rockets, wheels
Driving	very useful in getting places, you drive in a car, or truck, can't drive until you're 16, is very dangerous sometimes
Driving	Driving is a force that one entity inflicts on another in order to make it move. It can also be less physical as in, "His desire for revenge drove him to fight all the zombies."
Driving	"The driving force", pushing, moving, traveling
Driving	done in a car, plane, or train, used to get form place to another, can be fast or slow, and on highways or small back roads
Driving	when you are in a vehicle and on the road you do this. have to be controllable
Driving	stop, go, green/red/yellow, slow down, car, license, permit, 16 years old, driving school, signs, accident, drunk driving, texting, fast, exciting
Driving	car, operate a vehicle, stick shift, manual, automatic, stop sign, stop lights, license
Driving	is an action, is used by humans to move vehicles, is easy, is used on roads
Driving	car, transportation, fast, expensive, gas, money, high upkeep, responsibility, following laws, road, stoplights, stopsigns, oil, tires
Driving	car, transportation, gas, money, expensive, dangerous, learning, mobile, modern, fun, pollutant  
Driving	being in control, lots of responsibility
Driving	can be done in or on a motor vehicle, usually done on roads, one person at a time in any given vehicle
Driving	can be dangerous, is what you do in a vehicle, has a required age of 16
Driving	start to do when your 16seat beltsteering wheelleather or soft seatswindowsfast or slowhighwaysback roadsside roadsdangerous is not carefulbig cars or little carsdifferent color carsdifferent shaped carsyellow and white lines on highwayspassingspeeding upcar smells
Driving	crashes, distractions, passengers, stop lights, windshield wipers
Driving	what basically everyone does, needs a liscence, what you do to get places, requires car, train, 
Driving	in a vehicle, hammering a nail or steak
Driving	behind the wheel of a car, truck, any type of vehicle, gets you from point A to point B, must pay attention when driving, dangerous if not focused, must have a license
Driving	As this is pertaining to the noun only, this would encompass the ability to drive?  Found on roads mostly, hopefully.
Driving	activity, boring, method of transportation, mundane, 
Driving	automobile, stressful, dangerous, necessary today, golf, perservierance 
Driving	
Driving	car, van, truck, motor vehicle, usually uses gas but can also run on electricity or various sources of power, expensive, can be dangerous, requires insurance, done on roads or sometimes water, license
Driving	is an action, used in sports, driving a car, a golf cart, a plane, a tractor, a taxi, bus. 
Driving	car, speeding, accidents, high way, traveling, high gas prices, smell of gasoline, 
Driving	car, football, golf
Driving	driving a vehicle, someone in control of something, requires learning, action occurs most often on streets or some pathway, a method of getting from point A to B. 
Driving	travel, pavement, transportation, moving
Driving	cars, tractors, golf carts, motorcycles, bikes, bus, the first time you hit the golf ball at a hole, you can drive when you turn 16 here, could cause accidents and injuries
Driving	controlling the movement of a car or something like a car, isn't allowed for some people, is the state of going somewhere
Driving	Car, bike, scooter, etc...16 years old
Driving	in a car, bus or boat, use a steering wheel or joy stick, dangerous, when you turn 16 you can by your self, some people like it and some people hate itinvolved in most video games
Driving	transporting from a to b, can be long or short, time consuming, 
Driving	in a car or truck, drunk driving, speeding, best way to get places
Driving	to steer and accelerate a vehicle or peddle a bike.  to control a vehicle
Driving	car, truck, automobile, must pay attention, must be at least 16 years old
Driving	independence, a force, motivation
Driving	steering, operating a motorized vehicle, transporting something weather it is yourself or somebody or something, getting from A to B
Driving	is legal at age 16, women are not quite as successful at learning, a mode of transportation used all over the world, an action used in automobiles, requires great attention, results in crashes between two or more vehicles, causes many deaths, is illegal to do while impaired
Exercise	Daily, Fat, Healthy, Room, 
Exercise	what people do to stay healthy, running, biking, walking, hiking, lifting weights, cardio, 
Exercise	Physical, hard, tiring
Exercise	Work-out,run lift weights
Exercise	is a form of toneing someones body, it's healthy, keeps your body in shape, can help relieve stress
Exercise	work out, diet, lose weight, running, jumping, lifting weights, healthy, gym, moving, positive, 
Exercise	gym, run, stair stepper, skinny people, in shape, weight lifter, music, feel better about yourself
Exercise	running, working out, weights, bumbell, free weights, sit ups, walking, 5k, mile, jogging, gym,
Exercise	an activity, aerobic workout, adrenaline rush, used in sports, a drill of some sort that can be used academically.
Exercise	running, working out, involves strenuous physical labor. pushes the limits of your muscles.
Exercise	work out, helps your health, lose weight
Exercise	Movement, energy, therapeutic, healthy, sports, running, kinesthetics.
Exercise	fit, improved wellness, good for body, decreases diseases, releives stress, improves skills and abilities
Exercise	work out, cardio, keeps heart healthy, good for your body, usually sweat when exercising, can take place at the gym or fitness centers, running is good form of exercise
Exercise	
Exercise	gym workoutrun lift wieghts
Exercise	physical activity, healthy for your body, gets you in good shape
Exercise	work, sweat, burn
Exercise	gym, running, weight-lifting
Exercise	working out
Exercise	for over weight people, hard to do, for people in really good shape, boring, not fun, have to be motivated
Exercise	takes effort, hard, sweating, running, equipment, strong breathing, lose weight, healthy, in shape, toned
Exercise	push ups, lung and heart stimulation, burn fat, lose calories, run, sports
Exercise	work out, lift weights, run, sit ups, push ups, 
Exercise	increased heart rate, heavy breathing, being sore
Exercise	needed, running, lifting weights, sit ups, push ups
Exercise	
Exercise	
Exercise	running, a verb, being active, building muscle, losing weight
Exercise	running. sit ups rehersal, lifting weights  
Exercise	ugh, necessity, 
Exercise	jogging, running, working-out, push-ups, sit-ups, track,
Exercise	to run, lift weights, swim, or play sports, is good for you, reduces stress
Exercise	Exercise is physical activity in attempt to lose fat, or gain muscle.
Exercise	work, do it every day, good for you
Exercise	physical activity, running, dance, swimming, something you do to stay healthy and fit, helps lose weight, very good for anyone to do.
Exercise	where your body is having doing extra work, heart is pumping. getting into shape
Exercise	important in todays world, running, zumba, sweat, weights, pounds, weight lose, beneficial, health
Exercise	work out, run, cardio, muscles, bench press, squat, sports, kinesiology, movement, physical therapist
Exercise	is movement, is used by humans to be healthy, is good, is used by athletes 
Exercise	health, working out, muscles, better life, fruit, vegetables, running, weightlifting, bodybuilders, pain, goal reaching, triumph, enhance physical and mental abilities
Exercise	health, muscles, in shape, better your life, vegetables, running, lifting weights, sweat, pain, triumph, goals, equipment, money
Exercise	is good for spare time, a healthy lifestyle, getting back in shape, feeling good about yourself
Exercise	what people do to get in shape, healthy, you should do it a few times a week, can be done indoors or outdoors, done by using equipment or self
Exercise	is good for you, makes people lose weight, makes people healthier, makes people burn calories, is very useful for staying fit
Exercise	importantdont get fatwhat we do to keep in shaperunlift weightsjogsit upspush upsetc. I do it everydaykeep in shapehelps you live longerhelps you stay healthyhelps you eat healthier
Exercise	working out, running, sweating
Exercise	healthy, helps keep people in shape, using machines, running
Exercise	work out, remove demons, help strengthen
Exercise	Good, keeps you healthy, running, swimming, aerobics, 30 minutes a day, do outside, sports, endorphins, makes you happy and feel good, exhausting, makes you sore and tired
Exercise	Seen mostly in gyms.  May contain many modes: running, swimming, weights, dance, yoga, skiing... Accomplished by people wanting to be healthy or lose weight.
Exercise	physical, good for one, important, healthy lifestyle
Exercise	hard, motivating, necessary, fun, inspirational, challenging, rewarding, demanding, stressful, edorphines, looking good, being fit, healthy living
Exercise	
Exercise	to work out, helps keep you healthy and in-shape, gym, sweat, running, sports, treadmill, weights
Exercise	To workout, a gym, a class, helps you loose weight, stay healthy, get in shape.
Exercise	use equipment, running, improving self image, being healthy, sweaty, 
Exercise	fun, hard, long
Exercise	physical activity, anaerobic and aerobic exercise, increases heart rate, healthy, 
Exercise	gym, workout, sweat, burn, weights, running, gym shorts, 
Exercise	 running, healthy, should do it about 3-5 times a week, lifting weights, playing sports, being active, upbeat, sweat, hot, tennis shoes
Exercise	is recommended, created endorphins in the body, is done to stay healthy, can be overdone, is putting one's skills to the test
Exercise	To lose weightTo stay in shape or fitEnjoyment
Exercise	working out, cardiovascular health, running, core exercise, helps you loss weight, helps you avoid illness and disease, essential, americans dont do it enough, target zone for your pulse is used
Exercise	to get fit, moving body, make healthier
Exercise	healthy, running, weight lifting, soccer, tennis, football, basketball, wrestling, sex
Exercise	a type of movement or physical activity used to get fit
Exercise	healthy, fun, getting stronger,helps stay in shape,
Exercise	tiring, energizing, good for your health, can be overdone  
Exercise	Fitness, inshape, run, jog, workout, sweat, increased hart rate, put in to act such as exercising the right
Exercise	healthy, causes soreness, increases metabolism and other bodily processes, can be done anywhere, most commonly done in gyms, good with healthy food diet, can be stationary or mobile 
Fail	Wrong, Not make an achievement, Not meet certain goals,  
Fail	when you dont succeed, a test,  
Fail	disappointment, loser, not good enough
Fail	not fail, not succeed 
Fail	don't succeed, don't finish a goal
Fail	failure, not pass, not succeed, F, letter grade, 
Fail	not pass, dissapoint, lose, retry over and over
Fail	test, people, not passing, needs improvement
Fail	don't succeed, deteriorate, fall, not accomplished.
Fail	is when you do not succeed. accomplished nothing
Fail	not pass, school, class, test, 
Fail	Lose, give up, not try, lay down, bad.
Fail	do bad, not achieve one's personal goal, performance lower than expectations.
Fail	failure, unsuccessful, coming up short, a bad letter grade on an exam, when someone does not complete a goal
Fail	
Fail	Losernot completenot passed unsucessful
Fail	to not win, to not complete a task or objective, to lose, 
Fail	epic, let down, sad
Fail	epic, underachieving, disappointing
Fail	to get held back or not complete a grade in school
Fail	a test, drivers test, subritity test, get bad grades, flunk out, do bad at your job, suck, do poorly
Fail	test, stress, upset, made a wrong decision, F
Fail	to fall short, to lose strength, getting an F, unsuccessful
Fail	unsuccessful, defeated, fall short, losing, disaster
Fail	disappointment, F, bad
Fail	do bad, not good, get a bad grade, not succeeding
Fail	
Fail	
Fail	something you did not suceed at, not passing
Fail	not succeed, lose, not do good
Fail	succeed, humor, trying, joy, laughter, work,
Fail	not passing grades, doing poorly, a bad decision, failure to do something right
Fail	bad grades, get an F, is not an option
Fail	To fail is to not succeed.
Fail	"Epic fail", to be unsuccessful, to lose
Fail	getting a bad grade on a test or homework, also for me, failure is growing up and not doing what i want to do, being unhappy for me would be a failure
Fail	when you try at something and you don't succeed
Fail	lose, disappointing, try again, give up, grades
Fail	not doing good, loser, not winning, symbolized with an F, worst grade to get in school, not acceptable
Fail	is a grade, is not good, is used in classes
Fail	let down, fall short, dimenish, quit, loser, not talented, unprepared, give up, procrastination, sports
Fail	let down, fall short, diminish, quit, loser, stupid, not talented, unprepared, procrastinate, give up
Fail	is losing, disappointing, 
Fail	not succeeding, not meeting the goals of self or someone else, not meeting expectations
Fail	is like losing, not winning, not accomplishing what was meant to be, getting below 60%
Fail	not goodpeople offten think this about themselvesschool worktestscollegegraduate schooldrop out
Fail	f, not doing something right, getting a bad grade
Fail	when you lose
Fail	to fall short, not complete, unacceptable result
Fail	Not succeed, Loose, Let people down, unsuccessful, no one likes to fail, you can fail school, driving exams, tests, life, jobs, flunk, try but not succeed
Fail	Opposite of succeed.  Unable to complete a task.  Very negative word and idea that brings many people down.
Fail	When one does not complete a task, cannot do something one wants to do
Fail	get back up and try again, unwanted, bad grades, destructful, 
Fail	
Fail	not succeed, sad, cry, upset, evokes negative emotions, disappointing 
Fail	to not suceed, to lose, to not accomplish something.
Fail	to not win, to mess up, not being motivated, not wanting to try, face palm, forgetting, not studying, 
Fail	bad
Fail	do not accomplish a goal 
Fail	not succeed, feel sad, not pass, bad, loose, 
Fail	to not do well at a task, such as a test or a game, not passing a class, not living up to other people's expectations of you, other people not living up to your expectations, lose
Fail	is an F as a final class grade, is whenever you let someone down, is whenever you don't do something that is asked of you, is something people are afraid of.
Fail	F on a testNot successful
Fail	mess up, missed the mark, complete disasterget an F on a test, cannot pass the class, did not get enough right 
Fail	to not succeed, give up, not do well, didn't make it.
Fail	not to succeed, an F, to drop out, not accomplish goals, not win, to lose, tests
Fail	to lose or be unsuccessful at something
Fail	F, not succeding, need to improve.
Fail	not achieving, falling short of a goal
Fail	reject, uncomplete, end, useually makes a person feel down, did very bad
Fail	is the opposite of success, an opportunity to respond positively, giving into failure
Gum	Natural substance, Chewy, Plant, Wrigley, 
Gum	you chew it, has flavors, different colors, you shouldn't swallow it,smells fruity, made in a factory, comes wrapped, small
Gum	chewy, sticky, flavorful
Gum	chewy, flavorful
Gum	sticky, variety of flavors, comes in different forms, it's chewed in the mouth
Gum	candy, yummy, sweet, cinnimon, mint, bubble gum, blowing buddles, sugar, chewy, habit, nervous reaction 
Gum	body part, chewing bubble gum, tasty, appetite surpressent, blow bubbles
Gum	chew, mint, bubble gum, kiss, double bubble, orbit, extra, stride
Gum	chewy, flavorful, usually pink, stimulates the mind, rectangular, found in a wrapper.
Gum	a chewy candy or breath mint that releases flavor when your saliva breaks it down. it can stretch. it is sticky when taken out of your mouth
Gum	candy, chewy, tasty, helps breath
Gum	Is chewy, comes in many flavors, is tasty, lasts a while.
Gum	chewing, bubble popping, fresh breath, tatse, variety, minty flavors
Gum	something you can chew on, chewing gum comes in many flavors and forms, also what surrounds your teeth inside your mouth, gum disease
Gum	
Gum	ChewyTastyStickyColorfulsoft
Gum	you chew it, sticky, wet, elastic, flavored, taste good, generally long lasting
Gum	chew, pink, sweet
Gum	chewy, flavorful, Willy Wonka
Gum	candy that is sticky and doesnt dissolve. you can blow bubbles with it
Gum	headaches, hurt teeth, looses flavor, sticky, yummy, expensive, gross flavors, small pieces, makes breath smell good
Gum	is chewy, flavors, mint, bubbles, chomp, addictive, pink, white, teeth
Gum	what surrounds your teeth, something sweet you chew,
Gum	chewy, many flavors, orbit, stride, bubble gum, extra, 
Gum	chewy, blowing bubbles, flavors
Gum	chewy, sticky, pink, minty, fruity, blow bubbles
Gum	
Gum	
Gum	a candy, sticky, flavor from chewing it,
Gum	chewy, flavor, good, stress reliver
Gum	stick, type, flavor, shape, taste
Gum	chewy, comes in balls, comes in sticks, is sold in stores, gets thrown away, gets thrown on the ground,
Gum	you chew it, comes in packages, sweet or mint flavored, is good for teeth, is tasty
Gum	Gum is a sort of candy that's made with plastic, which is gross.
Gum	chewy, fun, tasty, expensive, excellent breath freshener
Gum	is chewy, small, can be minty or taste like bubble gum, lots of flavors are coming out, Stride, Orbit, helps bad breath
Gum	chewable, can stay in mouth as long as you want it to. after a half hour it starts to lose its flavor
Gum	chew, bubbles, flavors, pink, double bubble, commercials, STRIDE, fun
Gum	chew it, multiple flavors, blow bubbles, can have sticks of gum, come in packs usually but sometimes single pieces, double bubble, big league chew
Gum	is a food item, is chewed, has a flavor, is used by humans to chew on, can be many colors, is edible
Gum	chewable, flavorful, helps breath smell good, chomping, different colors, sugarfree, small, sticky, damages teeth
Gum	chewy, tasty, varies in colors and tastes, minty, chomps, small, sticky, annoying, damaging to teeth
Gum	is sticky, good to chew when you're bored, helps bad breath
Gum	you chew it, can be a variety of colors, variety of flavors, comes in a small package, makes your breath smell better, typically minty, soft when wet, hard when dry
Gum	is chewy, is sticky, is very sticky when hot, comes in a wrapper, comes in many different flavors, is stuck under desks and tables, decomposes after chewing it for too long
Gum	all kinds of typesdifferent colorssmall amounts or big amountskids love gum
Gum	trident, chewing, flavors
Gum	sticky, gooey, minty, covered with foil, shaped like a retangle, shaped like a ball, comes in many different flavors
Gum	type of tree, thing to chew on, usually sticky
Gum	chewy, comes in packages from the store, wrapped up, good taste, multiple flavors, has no real point to chewing it, belongs in mouth, used to keep mouth busy and can help clean teeth, gum ball machines, many different shapes and sizes, makes your breath smell better or fresh
Gum	Chewable substance.  Comes in many flavors- minty, fruity, and combinations of the two in most cases. Can contain sugar or be sugarfree.  Found in most stores.  Can become addictive and can help satisfy an oral fixation.  May also help smokers quit, provide energy (energy gum), clean teeth, and provide awesome breath.  May be used to blow sticky bubbles.
Gum	two kinds, sugar/sugarless, tasty, time killer, stress reliever, study aid, 
Gum	chewy, expensive, addicting, pastime, memory promoter
Gum	
Gum	sticky, something that you chew, comes in a variety of flavors and colors, wet when chewed, minty, fruity, often times contains sugar 
Gum	A type of candy, chewing, has different flavors, can be bad for your teeth, used to blow bubbles, gets stuck in your hair. 
Gum	chewy, minty, goes in mouth, green, blue, red, cinnamon, 
Gum	good, goo
Gum	surrounds the teeth in the mouth, protected from disease by brushing teeth with toothpast
Gum	chewing, calories, sticky, bubbles, 
Gum	is chewed, could be fruity, could be minty, is what your teeth are in in your mouth, pink, big bubbles, can be swallowed 
Gum	is a part of the mouth, is a chewy substance put in the mouth, has many different looks and flavors, is candy
Gum	Something you chewDifferent flavorsSomething to help you focus
Gum	chewing gum, bubble gum, different flavors, used by soldiers, commonly used by people, can be sugar fee, yummy, mint
Gum	used to cure breath, blow bubbles, sticky, pink, flavored
Gum	food, chewy, delicious, extra, orbit, trident, stride
Gum	an edible source of candy that is chewable for long periods of time.
Gum	chew, many different flavors, blow bubbles, sticky, 
Gum	chewed to quell bad breath, often minty or cinnamon flavored, can also quell hunger, makes people look like cows chewing their cud, sticky, gets in hair and has to be cut out, is found under desks  
Gum	Chewy, edible, comes in veriety of flavors, sticky, tacky, bought at stores
Gum	is chewable flavorness, many different flavors, chewed in mouth, can improve breath and other dental issues, spit in public often leading to pedestrians stepping on it, loses flavor over time, can be swallowed 
Increase	Make larger, Expand, Margin, 
Increase	to add to, get bigger, larger
Increase	bigger, line graph
Increase	get more, boost
Increase	grow in amount, to add to something, 
Increase	make large, multiply in size, (opposite of decrease, lessen, divide, weaken) expand, 
Increase	weight gain, money, payments, debt, happiness, sadness, friendship, love, hate, ablitlity to do something, stress
Increase	To advance, to grow, accelerate, to become greater, amount, size,
Increase	Gain, grow, get bigger, gradually go up. 
Increase	getting larger in size or quntity. usually a good thing.
Increase	to gain, add more, do better
Increase	Add to, gain, math.
Increase	Recieve more, expand, make larger, mathematical problems
Increase	related to size, enlarge, greater, having a formal education increases your chances of a good job, thought of as positive or rising in number
Increase	
Increase	gainaddgo up
Increase	to go up, to rise, to get larger, normally a good thing
Increase	more, excessive
Increase	raise, add, profit
Increase	go up
Increase	your grades, eating habits healthier, working out, selling things, your grades, homework grades, test scores, temperature
Increase	more, temperature, gain, muscles
Increase	growing, going up, greater in size
Increase	Raise, go up, greater in size, expand
Increase	raise, opposite: decrease, more
Increase	weight, money, age
Increase	
Increase	
Increase	going up in amount, more than what you started with,
Increase	speed, grades, motovation, physical fitness, 
Increase	decrease, money, homework, time, sleep
Increase	going up, the opposite of down, positive, 
Increase	the opposite of decrease, whenever there is more of something than you previously had,
Increase	To increase, or an increase indicates there is more of something after time then there was in the beginning.
Increase	opposite of decrease, to gain
Increase	to make more of something
Increase	when something is going up. such as when the heat is turned up, the temperature increased
Increase	speed, pace, GO, fast, experience
Increase	go higher, harder and harder, improvement, opposite of decrease, positive, hardwork
Increase	is gaining more of something, is used to move something upward
Increase	to go up, to enhance, gaining, going faster, knowledge, ability
Increase	to add onto, more, to go up, volumes, loud, intense, enhance, gain, faster
Increase	gets larger, gets bigger,
Increase	to have more of something, when something doesn't decrease
Increase	is the opposite of decrease, is adding more, is a larger quantity
Increase	moretallerfattergoing upgrowingthe skyairplane lifting off
Increase	grow, big, large
Increase	when you make something larger, when you add more things
Increase	to go up, turn up, produce more, make faster
Increase	to make more of, multiply, grow, raise, gain more of, to add to what you already have, sometimes good (wage increase) sometimes bad (tax increase)
Increase	Also meaning something that rises.  Used especially in math and business.
Increase	get bigger, get stronger, grow, opposite of decrease, 
Increase	Raise, chart, harder, more intense, more, abundance
Increase	
Increase	to make more of something, addition, multiplication
Increase	to get more of, to multiply, the opposite of decrease.
Increase	adding, trying to do better in some aspect
Increase	stimuls
Increase	more of, progression, 
Increase	decrease, more, plus
Increase	greater amount, could refer to salary or other payment, in price, in production, more and more, gain
Increase	to gain more of something, is to go higher
Increase	To get better at somethingUp
Increase	make more, add more, more, add, multiply, higher (temperature)
Increase	to add to, make larger
Increase	a gain in something, profit, weight, customers
Increase	to up the amount of something or the percentage of something.  
Increase	grow, get bigger, population increase, 
Increase	positive relationship, opposite from decreasing, often used in graphing
Increase	Opposite of decrease, incline, going up, rising, up-hill slant, used in math, used numarically such as increase in numbers, positive, 
Increase	is going up, the opposite of decreasing, not longer even but improving, growth
Independent	Alone, By yourself, Research,  
Independent	taking care of yourself, some people are independent,babies are not
Independent	self, strong, no help
Independent	On my own, self
Independent	is when a person doens't rely on someone else, not dependent, when someone is solo, 
Independent	freedom, choices, individuality, opposite of dependent, 
Independent	someone who relies on themself, no needy, enjoys to be alone
Independent	College, alone, not dependent, away from home, on your own
Independent	By yourself, on your own, not needing any help to succeed. Only concerned by oneself.
Independent	does not rely on anyone/anything else to succeed
Independent	one your own, can support self. 
Independent	18 years old, self reliable, on your own, without assistance.
Independent	opposite of dependent, living based on indivitual effort, no help or support, responsibility, making decisions
Independent	single, on your own, opposite of dependent, moving out of your parents house shows independence, can mean unique
Independent	
Independent	freeUSAJuly 4th
Independent	by yourself, no help, alone, 
Independent	strong, self-sustained
Independent	quiet, calm, person
Independent	not dependent upon anything; free; doing its own thing; not with other people
Independent	me, paying for everything, doing eveyrthing yourself, not getting financial help from others, growing up, being mature
Independent	on your own, strong, leader, smart, 
Independent	being able to live on your own, not needing help from others to survive, not controlled by others
Independent	America (Declaration of Independence), music, businesses, politics, voters, variables
Independent	not reliant, self sufficient
Independent	on your own, left alone
Independent	
Independent	
Independent	relying on yourself more, not needing others, stand as one
Independent	self driven, do your own things, 
Independent	dependent, happiness, joy, decisions
Independent	on your own, away from parents, making your own decisions,
Independent	to be able to live free of others help, responsible, and mature
Independent	Independent means to be able to exist separately from support. If someone or something is independent it does not fully rely on something else to support its resistance.
Independent	when someone does not need others, can take care of one's self
Independent	not needing anything or anybody, not dependent on any one person, very much on your own, can and prefer to do things on your own
Independent	when you can do things on your own
Independent	me, strong person, role models, rap song
Independent	solo, make decisioins by yourself, like to be left alone, don't like to work with others, variable, focus on self, very individualistic
Independent	is a state of mind, is a goal of college students, is a free being
Independent	on your own, college students, gain responsibility, make own decisions, way of learning life lessons, strong willed, teaches respect
Independent	free, alone, proud, strong, vocal, outgoing, hard worker, single, passionate
Independent	not needed assistance from others
Independent	not relying on someone or something, does things by one own's self, can support own self, doesn't ask others for help
Independent	is alone
Independent	alonemoved onno longer living with parentsmoved awayon your ownimportant to eventually dopay for everything yourselfyourselfme myself Ino longer dependentdo everything yourselfanxietynervewreckinglonelysadmiserableare you happy?miss family
Independent	alone, strong, can take of oneself
Independent	when you would rather be alone than with a large group
Independent	able to stand on its own, no help needed, self-sufficient
Independent	apart or different from others, no one there to tell you what to do, free, natural, separate from the norm, can't be influenced or told what to do by others, only do what you want to do
Independent	This also seems like just an adjective.
Independent	on one's own, mature, personality
Independent	free, alone, adulthood, responsible
Independent	
Independent	on one's own, rarely needs the help of others, in charge of one's self, paying for yourself, living on yoru own
Independent	Political party, shares views of both republican and democrat, has opinions that support both sides, can vote for either. 
Independent	freedom, working, America, not having to rely on someone else
Independent	me
Independent	self reliant, does not depend on others
Independent	single, on your own, financially stable 
Independent	could refer to countries, could refer to states, could refer to people, do your own thing, mind your own business, able to take care of yourself, on your own
Independent	a person who can provide for themselves, one who doesn't rely on others for help, one who does not need others to think for them.
Independent	FreedomOn your ownMake your own decisionsDont want help from othersDo things alone
Independent	political party, not dependent on your parents, type of behavior, don't need people or help, separate, can stand by itself 
Independent	Self-dependent, knowledgeable, resourceful, smart, 
Independent	leader, doing something by yourself, 
Independent	to be alone and do things on your own
Independent	on your own, don't need help from others,
Independent	it is free willed, free of direction or rules of others, gaining it is important to the psyche, it is the opposite of oppressed, 
Independent	By yourself, solo, like doing and being by yourself, dont like group confrentation, 
Independent	standing alone, films produced with low budget not sponsored, 
Keeper	Not let go, Protect, Watch over, 
Keeper	place for things, storage, not getting rid of things
Keeper	harry potter, sports, gaurd
Keeper	saver, protector
Keeper	a person in charge, something that watches over something, 
Keeper	is something or someone who holds something, keeps safe, protects, guards, secures
Keeper	winner, someone or something that you like, enjoy this certain thing
Keeper	zoo keeper, goal keeper, gate keeper, defender,  
Keeper	something or someone that withholds valuable objects. Safe, Cage of some sort.
Keeper	goalie postion in sports. including but not limited to guarding the three hoops in quiddich
Keeper	goalie, soccer 
Keeper	Soccer, goalie, someone who is in possession of something.
Keeper	a person who contains something of value such as a object or internally in themselves, a horder, a person responsible for watching or posessing soemthing
Keeper	something worth holding onto, figure of speech when someone likes something, could be someone that is in-charge of something
Keeper	
Keeper	enjoygoalieprotective
Keeper	one who keeps, goalie in soccer, doesn't give anything up
Keeper	goalie, sports, soccer
Keeper	girlfriend, boyfriend, new animal
Keeper	a link in a chain that hold it together 
Keeper	someone that is good, treats you well, don't let go of, a boyfriend
Keeper	selfish, kept to yourself
Keeper	a guard
Keeper	Movie, Goal keeper (soccer), 
Keeper	protects, provides shelter
Keeper	a boy, a best friend, friends
Keeper	
Keeper	
Keeper	a position in soccer, a trustworthy person, hold onto something
Keeper	of money, zoo, animals, some one who takes care of something, gate keeper
Keeper	of what?, protector, watch over, 
Keeper	a person who keeps something, a guard, person in possession, 
Keeper	is responsible to keep people or things from getting in, there are goal keepers specifically for soccer, gate keepers, a type of person 
Keeper	A keeper is someone or something that preserves something as close it its original state as possible.
Keeper	One who looks after another, "What do I look like, their keeper?"
Keeper	someone who cares for something or someone else, house keeper tends to the house, garden keeper tends to the garden, can also be associated with people who care for other people
Keeper	somebody who holds something special to you, someone who is there for you
Keeper	marriage, love, good, need
Keeper	dont want to lose, love someone, refered to when thinking about a relationship, choices to keep or let go, opposite of letting go
Keeper	is a person, is used to guard something
Keeper	goalie in soccer, comfort, strong relationships, not distant, something you like
Keeper	goalie in soccer, comfort, strong relationships, something you like, not distant
Keeper	is something you want to hold on to, a good boyfriend/girlfriend, best friend, time in your life
Keeper	someone who doesn't let something go
Keeper	goalie in soccer, someone who takes car of someone else
Keeper	sounds scaryscary moviekeeper?someone who keeps something or someone hostage?
Keeper	keeps something safe, box, lock
Keeper	one who posseses something, 
Keeper	worth keeping, soccer position, hunting traps
Keeper	Don't want to loose something, protector, a person who watches out for another, such as a zoo keeper-protects animals and keeps them healthy and fed, 
Keeper	Usually used to refer to someone good of the opposite sex. "She's a keeper"  
Keeper	One who watches over someone else, one who watches over something
Keeper	having some value, worth holding on to, potentially rewarding
Keeper	
Keeper	someone in charge of something, a person, responsibility, can refer to someone in charge of animals (i.e.- beekeeper, zookeeper)
Keeper	Keeps something, books, scores, data, information, people.
Keeper	Qudditch position, goalie position, holds a position or object away from someone or a group,
Keeper	me, dad
Keeper	owner, goalie in sports like soccer, collecter of certain things
Keeper	husband, finders, house cleaner, 
Keeper	someone or something special that one treasures, someone who watches a gate or entrance, someone who watches books at a library, someone who watches the time of a game
Keeper	someone that keeps things in order, a position in soccer where you guard the goal, someone that you want in your life for a very long time.
Keeper	Babysitter
Keeper	in Harry Potter its kind of like a goalie, a goalie, holds on tight, its a secret, guards, guardian, does not give options
Keeper	Necessary, Liked, useful, loved
Keeper	goalie, place to store things, some one worth sticking with
Keeper	to keep something or someone.  to have ahold of the thing or person and not let go.  to never lose something
Keeper	holder, used to protect something, 
Keeper	something or someone you don't want to throw out, something that keeps or stores something for you
Keeper	guardian, protecter, keeping something, lock box, holding something such as a keeper pin
Keeper	a soccer goalie, a human used to keep the opponents ball out of the goal, wears different colored jersey as rest of players, seen on a soccer field, last resort
Letters	Post cards, Mail, Inquires, Love, 
Letters	can be hand written or typed, usually on paper, can be mailed, people save them, people write them, people read them
Letters	words, numbers
Letters	Symbols used for forming words
Letters	is pieces of writing, form of communicating, usually words on paper
Letters	used in the mail, sent using postage, delievered, UPS, delievery man, mailman, send letters, notes/cards, sent in envelope, can be sent/recieved, is used in the alphabet, examples: A, B, C, 
Letters	military, alphabet, grades, pen pal
Letters	words, school letters, love letters
Letters	Notes sent to others in the mail, often white, paper, written or typed in ink, folded; or can be alphabetical.
Letters	symbols used to represent sounds. used to communicate visually rather than audibly. letters vary by language
Letters	words, expression, written, 
Letters	Alphabet, poems, communication, military, cards, letters make words, words make sentences, sentences make stories, stories inspire ideas.
Letters	writting, friends, family members, message, communication, long distance from another person
Letters	papers, notes, envelope, popular when communicating with others, usually paper form, can send letters via mail or internet, paper or paperless letters, letter of recommendation
Letters	
Letters	alphabetvarsitymail
Letters	make up the alphabet, 26 of them, make up words, can be written typed or said, 
Letters	hastle, writing, pens
Letters	varsity, alphabet, spelling, language, communication
Letters	the 26 figures that make up the alphabet
Letters	military, pen pal, love letters, long or short letters, cute or mean letters, telling feelings, paper, pen, black pen, dear whoever
Letters	alphabet, grades, military, address, stamps, envelopes
Letters	makes up the alphabet, 
Letters	business, alphabet, message, concern, thank you letter, 
Letters	alphabet, spell words, write books, can send letters in mail
Letters	alphabet, name, words, grades
Letters	
Letters	
Letters	the alphabet, come together to make a word, have to be ordered in certain order to make sense, 
Letters	notes, mail, alphabet, a,b,c
Letters	love, excitement, joy, writing, paper, envelopes
Letters	alphabet, words, essays, used in books, are different in every language, used to make syllables,  
Letters	make words, 26 of them in the english alphabet,.
Letters	Letters are what you're reading right now. INCEPTION.
Letters	multiple letters make words, small part of a larger whole
Letters	are written to one person from another, can range from love letters to hate mail, often associated with the military because people could only send letters to their loved ones in the military
Letters	where you write to someone, in envelopes, can be wrote to somebody far away, lays out all your feelings
Letters	alphabet, practice, 26, vowels, language, mail, envelopes, mail box, notification, lower case, upper case
Letters	words, way to communicate, starts with dear, alphabet, 26 of them, help with language
Letters	are written on paper, are used by humans to send messages, are white, are thin, are put in envelopes
Letters	alphabet, words, sentences, language, structure, communication
Letters	a,b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i,j,k,l,m,,n,o,p,q,r,s,t,u,v,w,x,y,z, alphabet, words, sentences, english, language, profanity, structure
Letters	of the alphabet, make up words, have different sounds, different shapes
Letters	the alphabet, how words are formed
Letters	there are 26, make up the alphabet, unable people to speak, make up words, are something that you write, are something that you send
Letters	someone to write to someone such as family, friend, manager, professor, or job interviewpagesyellow whitepaper with linessome letters are importantalways mean somethingletters mean feelings
Letters	alphabet, writing words on paper, songs
Letters	what people use to read and write, how we communicate with others, how people stay connected, put into an envelope, usually mailed, dated
Letters	alphabetic characters for any language, a,b,c,d,etc...
Letters	in the alphabet, spell out words, allow to have a written language and spell out words. Can send letters or postcards to people to tell them about your life and ask questions. Communication
Letters	Referring to the alphabet.  26 in the english alphabet.  Used to create words.  
Letters	how we write, twenty-six, method of communication, different languages
Letters	School jackets, varsity, letters from iwo jima, personal, old time, old school email
Letters	
Letters	something you write to a person, paper, pen or pencil, can be typed in a computer, addressed to a person, envelope, stamp
Letters	Form words, the alphabet, a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z, used in other languages, English, Spanish, French, Chinese, German.  
Letters	are written as a response, written by hand, can be typed and emailed, 
Letters	long
Letters	message on paper, can be sent through postal service,make-up of the alphabet and words
Letters	sorority, alphabet, kindergarten, names
Letters	put together to make words, could be a written note that you give or send to someone
Letters	is what the alphabet is made up of, is what makes up words and abbreviations, is something you write to others, is something that someone writes to you, can be mailed.
Letters	AlphabetSpell wordsMean different things
Letters	of the alphabet, emails, letters in the mail, block letters, stamps, love letters, magazine letters used to make notes
Letters	Alphabet, A-Z,
Letters	the alphabet, correspondence, academic letters, athletic letters, acceptance letters
Letters	artwork put together to create a word to help understand or describe something
Letters	alphabet, mail, talk to people
Letters	compiled to make words, written to loved ones for away or in place of saying something aloud that is difficult to formulate
Letters	Paper, mail, righting, bills, greetings, holds information, 
Letters	26 different types, combined together to make larger words, few of them stand alone as words, can have different fonts, everyday use
Loser	Looked down upon, Separated, Person/ team who did not win, 
Loser	not first place, people can be losers
Loser	opposite of a winner, sore loser, disappointment
Loser	Failure
Loser	a person or group that doesn't win, opposite of winner, someone that doesn't win the goal
Loser	not popular, not liked, loney, sad, no friends, 
Loser	lost, non winner, doesnt win a lot, not likeable 
Loser	Nerd, loner, not social, out cast, not fun, different, depressed, not smart, 
Loser	Last place, not a winner. Lost, tried but failed. Did not succeed. 
Loser	not the winner. the one who ends up not getting what they want. they are not the best at whatever they did
Loser	lost, didn't win, 
Loser	Sports, life, unfortunate, succumbing to the winner, feels disheartening, upsetting.
Loser	to lose, not win, learn from mistakes, teaches us to try harder, fail
Loser	in a sporting even there is a winner and loser, somebody who is an outcast, could be a rank in popularity, somebody that is doing nothing with their life e.g. no job/ not getting an education
Loser	
Loser	not likedout cast
Loser	not a winner, the one who finishes last or just not in first, someone who rarely wins 
Loser	antisocial, disappointment 
Loser	nerds, unwanted, overlooked
Loser	a person who is considered an outcast from society
Loser	biggest loser, nerd, kid that gets bullied, glasses, straight A's
Loser	outcast, unsocial, no friends, no personality
Loser	opposite of winner, dorky
Loser	failure, hurtful word, disadvantage
Loser	did not win,=
Loser	unwanted, outcast, no one likes them, glasses, nerd
Loser	
Loser	
Loser	a person that does not try to make friends, tend to seperate themself from others
Loser	not winning, gleee, weight, bullying, smelly, rejected
Loser	sadness, help, wonder
Loser	a failure, someone who has no friends, needs to get a life, wants human companionship, a person, nerds, geeks, drop-outs
Loser	not a winner, could be a geek, often seen as skinny, shy, or weird
Loser	A loser is someone who fails to win. A loser can also be described as a person that fails to fit into social norms for whatever reason.
Loser	Stupid, a person who does not succeed
Loser	someone who does not win something, if you do not win a soccer game, or a volleyball game, you are the loser, losing team 
Loser	a name that know one wants to be. could hurt people because it means they are someone that could possibly not be well liked
Loser	bullied, defeated, unworthy, 2nd place, Texas Rangers
Loser	not very talented, lost numerous times at something, lacks hard work, continuous, detrimental to a team
Loser	is an unliked person, has not a lot of friends, is lonely
Loser	not a bright future, makes bad decisions, opposite of winning, doesnt think clearly, bad role model, no job, does drugs
Loser	quitter, small, no good person, doing nothing in life, rude, mean, failure, gave up, did not win
Loser	someone with no friends, acts out of the ordinary, doesn't go to school, works at McDonald's
Loser	not a winner, the last person to finish something
Loser	is a name, is a cliche word, is used to describe someone that isn't "cool", the person that didn't win, the team that didn't win, is not first place, is last place
Loser	not a nice wordkids called oftenjoking namesomeone who is smart is referred to as thisglasseshigh worn pantshigh socksa boyor a girlword used in grade school
Loser	somebody that doesn't win, or fails at something
Loser	someone who is out of place, doesnt have many friends, someoe people classify as "different"
Loser	not the winner, dorky, underhand at the end
Loser	kids who have no friends, sad, social outcast, no one wants them on their team, awful at sports, school, life, group of people that stink at something, lack talent, social skills, 
Loser	Opposite of winner?  Can be a sore loser or a nice loser.
Loser	opinion, someone who makes themselves a loser, description
Loser	uncool, not very nice thing to say, inapporpriate, nerd, gamer
Loser	
Loser	not popular, didn't win something, last place, disappointing, sometimes it is someone who is made fun of
Loser	The opposite of a winner, used as a term in games, or in political races, or for unpopular students.
Loser	Failure, losing a game, not being 'popular', 
Loser	kids
Loser	insulting term, 
Loser	not liked, glee club song, 
Loser	failure, not involved, doesn't do anything, not successful at anything, lazy, someone who didn't win
Loser	is the team that lost the game, is defeated, someone that loses something, a name people use sometimes referring to those who apparently have nothing going for them
Loser	OutcastNerdOpposite of winner
Loser	lost a race or competition, a person with no drive or has no accomplishments, a common insult, not a nice thing to say, The Biggest Loser- weight loss
Loser	unsuccessful, helpless, down
Loser	outcast, some with no friends, some one that is not good at things, nerdy, geeky
Loser	to be a part of a team or individual sport or association that fell behind or had a loss.
Loser	failure, not 1st place, 
Loser	someone who isn't winning, someone who dwells on their own failures
Loser	Usually second place, non-winner, lost at something, degrading word
Loser	is last, if you aint first, you're last, not accepted by others
Multiply	Expand, Make Larger, Math, 
Multiply	math, to get bigger, 
Multiply	double, bigger, numbers
Multiply	increase, grow, develope
Multiply	is an increase, form of math, reproducing something,
Multiply	is to double/triple/etc. a number or digit, used in math, taught in elementry school (usually 2-3rd grade), opposite of division, increases the number, makes larger unless multiplied by the negative number or a fraction, can be positive or negative, coutless different outcomes 
Multiply	douple, triple, increases something
Multiply	double, triple, math, simple math, opposite of divide, 
Multiply	To gradually increase in number, the sum of a number a certain amount of times, a mathematical term, usually learned in elementary school.
Multiply	increases numbers. taught by visualizing rows
Multiply	increase. math, numbers
Multiply	Increase, multiple, math.
Multiply	mathematical, education, times opposite of division, increase, times table
Multiply	associated with math, could mean many of something, opposite of divide, living organisms multiply in order to survive
Multiply	
Multiply	biggermore increase
Multiply	math term, expand, grow, get bigger, multiply two things together
Multiply	math, calculator
Multiply	divide, add, subtract
Multiply	a math term 
Multiply	math, clothes, 
Multiply	numbers, math, people, problems
Multiply	math, use times symbol
Multiply	Math, divide, add, subtract, 
Multiply	function in mathematics, reproduction of species, produce more quickly
Multiply	numbers, people, an x
Multiply	
Multiply	
Multiply	increasing, a math, adding something 
Multiply	math, many things, expand 
Multiply	divide, sex, 
Multiply	is a math term, is used in complicated and simple mathematics, can be used at any point in life, is an 'x' sign, is a '*' sign, has multiple meanings, is #3 in PEMDAS
Multiply	used in math,  opposite of divide
Multiply	To multiply is a mathematical application, but in other terms means to grow quickly.
Multiply	to increase number, opposite of division in math
Multiply	is a math equation, more advanced than adding or subtracting, is also quicker and gets you bigger numbers, normally learn multiplication around the 2nd grade
Multiply	when things double, triple, etc. they come rapidly 
Multiply	math, twins, mitosis/meiosis, more than one,duplicate
Multiply	times, math, opposite of division, grow, increase, x symbol
Multiply	is the action of numbers growing, is used in math class
Multiply	gaining more and more at a high rate of speed, opposite of division, quicker than addition, fish, rabbits, reproduction, X, babies, sex
Multiply	gaining more, not to divide, quicker than to add, many, fish, rabbits, reproduction, babies, sex, x
Multiply	mathematics, when you double something a certain amount of times
Multiply	the opposite of divide, when you take a number and have that many of it with another number
Multiply	
Multiply	manynumberstenshundredsthousandsbillionsmillionslarge numbersmathmultiplicaiton
Multiply	creat more of
Multiply	math equations, what we learn in elementary school
Multiply	reproduction, mathmatics
Multiply	make double or triple of, math problems, increase the number of something, grows unbelievably fast
Multiply	I can't think of this word being anything besides a verb.
Multiply	Make more of, mathematical sequence
Multiply	Math, multiplication, double, 
Multiply	
Multiply	math, x symbol, numbers and letters, times, increase, double, triple, quadruple
Multiply	To increase something, a mathmatical term, used in equations, also can be related to increasing numbers of animals or other objects, is something you learn in grade school, there is the times table. 
Multiply	lots of number, used in math equations
Multiply	math 
Multiply	add more of something repeatedly or numerously, math term, 
Multiply	divide, math, twins, 
Multiply	gain, double or triple or quadruple etc., function in math, more than what you started with
Multiply	to make more and more of something, a tool used in math to find answers, to duplicate
Multiply	MathTimes things together
Multiply	to increase, algebra, math
Multiply	to repeat, make larger, add too, used in math
Multiply	math, repeated addition, to make more of something
Multiply	to have a lot of one thing or a part of a math problem involving two number being timed by each other to get a bigger number. 
Multiply	math, growth, increase, numbers, 
Multiply	can be undone with division, creates multiples of something
Multiply	Mathmatical term, timesing by a number, duplicating something, 
Multiply	is a way to solve number problems, used in math very often, is a shortcut to larger math equations, used daily, has solved general properties of the earth
Need	Necessity, Life, Requirement, Help, 
Need	food, water, air, shelter, things you have to have to survive, what we say when we want something bad
Need	necessary, opposite of want, shelter, food, water
Need	require, must
Need	something a person must have for survival, a necessity, 
Need	desire, want, necessity, must have, food, water, shelter, saftey, 
Need	more than a want, a desire, something that you require
Need	want, water, shelter, food, love, friends, health
Need	Something required to progress, cannot move forward without it.
Need	neccessity to survive. without it you will die or be very miserable
Need	so thing you want, must have
Need	Necessity, sometimes confused with wanting something.
Need	neccassary, biological, survival, human right, taken for granted, not everybody meets or receives
Need	necessary for life, a form of requirement, food and water are a necessities for living, a toy is considered a want and not a need
Need	
Need	desire necessity
Need	if you need something than it is a necessity, essential to live, food, shelter
Need	necessity, want
Need	food, water, shelter
Need	food water shelter clothes
Need	money, food, helpless, can't live without, doesn't have
Need	sleep, food, family, love, hygiene, friends
Need	a desire, something is necessary 
Need	food, water, safety, love, shelter, friendship
Need	wants, necessities, survival, basics
Need	family, love, care, food, water, shelter
Need	
Need	
Need	a want, necessary to life, 
Need	food, water, shelter
Need	want, groceries, necessities, money
Need	a basic need to live, food, water, adequate living space
Need	water, shelter, love, food, sleep, different from a want
Need	To need is to not be able to go on without. People often exaggerate needs. Ex. "But I need tacos!"
Need	Something you can't live without, water, food, shelter
Need	what you need to live, food, water, and love, very different from want, its was is necessary for you to survive.
Need	when you have to have something
Need	neccessary, food, water, shelter, love, acceptance, strive, family/friends, joy
Need	can't live without, water, food, oxygen, opposite of a want, term that is thrown around for persuasion
Need	is a tangible thing, is something you must have, is used by all beings for survival
Need	necessity, longing, help, importance, vital, life, begging
Need	longing, necessity, help, importance, vital, life, begging
Need	having something to survive
Need	when you have to have something, a necessity
Need	
Need	we need familyfriends love trustworthinesshope intelligenceunderstandingthe need for something is usually important to someone
Need	something you have to have to live
Need	something you must have
Need	necessity, dramtically wanting, essential for life
Need	Must have, can't survive or live without, basic needs are food, water, shelter, a necessity to life, can help people acquire needs by giving them things and helping out, community service
Need	Necessary.  Something of value.
Need	something one has to have
Need	Something that is necessary, required for life, indisposable, precious
Need	
Need	a wanting, a necessity, a longing, a feeling, a desire
Need	You cannot go without, like food, water, shelter, friends, family.
Need	Food, Clothing, Shelter, associated with want,
Need	nessacary 
Need	require, describes a negative consequence without something
Need	food, water, a place to live, something of a necessity 
Need	necessary to live, desire
Need	is something people rely on for survival, is usually asked for, can be from someone wanting help
Need	NeccessityCant achieve something without itCant live with out itWater Food
Need	to have to have something, more than want something, cannot do something effectively without it, vulnerability, helpless, at a standstill without it
Need	Necessary, desperation, useful
Need	a needy person, water, oxygen
Need	something you have to have to be able to continue to live.
Need	water, food, oxygen, everyone has needs, 
Need	have to have, not a want, without it you will die
Need	Have to have something, almost begging, 
Need	a necessity, something required to pass whatever task or trial may be in front of them, commonly confused with "want"
Pain	Scar, Bruise, Cut, Hit, Medicine 
Pain	comes from accidents or trauma, can be physical or mental, some people handle it better then others
Pain	tolerable, annoying, warning
Pain	hurt, ache
Pain	is a feeling, can be an emotion, feel it when you get injured or emotionally hurt
Pain	is a feeling, is an experience, painful, harmful, hurt, suffering, can hurt physically and emotionally, 
Pain	not comfortable, uncontrolable, hurting, crying, break, tear, sprain, swist, emotional pain
Pain	cut, unpleasent sensation, damage to your body, hurt, hospital, 
Pain	Uncomfortable feeling, hurtful, sharp, can be mental, emotional, and physical. Can sometimes be eased or cured with medication or therapy. 
Pain	a defense your body uses so you stop doing something bad for you, or know to get out of a situation
Pain	feeling, not good, hurt 
Pain	Bad, something is wrong, not normal, out of function, not comfortable.
Pain	Hurt, wounds, suffering, unwanted, discomfort
Pain	injury, hurt, heart-broken, can be related to health risks, bad feeling, form of torture, not good
Pain	
Pain	hurts emotional physicalmentaluncomfortable
Pain	a feeling in the body, can be physical or emotional, uncomfortable or hurts, not good
Pain	hurt, blood, crying
Pain	awful, cancerous, frightening, destructable
Pain	an unpleasant feeling that causes extreme discomfort
Pain	Shot, surgery, tattoo, broken bone, owww, crying, hurting, 
Pain	hurt, hit, upset, cut, bleeding, mad, fights, heartbreak, anger
Pain	suffering from something physical, something felt, usually throbbing or aching, someone usually takes medicine to relieve pain
Pain	hurts, broken bones, cuts, bruises, 
Pain	hurt, physical pain, mental pain, recovery, injury, sports, exercise, people have different thresholds for pain, emotions
Pain	hurt, deep, on the surface, able to see
Pain	
Pain	
Pain	hurting yoruself, endorphins, not happy
Pain	Gun, Cut, Bite, Scratch, No pain no gain, falling off a horse
Pain	suffering, hurt, physical, emotional, scars, thoughts
Pain	discomfort, injury, accident, broken, hospital, band-aids, bleeding, crying, dying, cancer
Pain	can be sharp or dull, due to physical damage or harm to the body.
Pain	Pain is discomfort in its many forms.
Pain	a feeling, discomfort, screaming, agony, anguish
Pain	what you feel when something hurts, emotional or physical, getting cut, having a loved one die
Pain	hurt, you feel sadness, crying, may lead you to feel alone, might need to go to the doctor
Pain	childbirth, death, feeling, everyone experiences it, sad, withdrawal
Pain	hurt, injury, neurological sense, told by neurons to brain, try and stay away from, accidental, inflicted
Pain	is bad, is a feeling, is not tangible, is red
Pain	story of my life, annoying, stressful, always there, physical and mental, constant, Hemophilia, joints, muscles, dimenishing, surgery, bleeding internally, medicine
Pain	cringe, hurtful, sports, annoying, life long, unwanted, treatable, spontaneous 
Pain	hurts your body, is uncomfortable, is avoidable in some situations, inevitable at some point in time, everyone goes through it
Pain	when someone is hurt, can be emotional or physical, can be caused by others or by self
Pain	is mental, is when someone is hurt, is not a good feeling to have
Pain	not fun something you feel when you get hurtfallingbleedingbroken bones
Pain	hurt, crying, screaming, pain meds
Pain	weakness leaving the body, stinging, unconfertable
Pain	something that hurts, weakness, felt in the mind
Pain	suffering, causes harm to someone or something, torture, something doesn't feel good, not happy, physically, mentally, psychologically, distress, awful
Pain	Sensation that is undesirable.  May be sharp, sudden, dull, throbbing, chronic.  May appear anywhere in the body or the mind (emotional)
Pain	feeling, detected by nerves, sensation, needed
Pain	Distress, anger, uncomfortable, physical, emotional, unwanted, heart, soul, mind, body
Pain	
Pain	something you feel, injury, not pleasant, medication
Pain	a feeling, hurt, emotionally, phyiscally, is bad, the opposite of pleasure.
Pain	hurts, anywhere on the body, red, Three Days Grace song, paper cut, falling, heart break, loss of a loved one, hopelessness
Pain	hurt
Pain	hurt, pressure, physical condition or emotional,
Pain	hurt, anger, injured, blood, hospital
Pain	hurt, injury, crying, result of something bad happening
Pain	is hurtful, is unwanted, is sometimes for the better, can be easy tolerated by some, cannot be tolerated by others, had different levels.
Pain	HurtPhysical painInternal Pain
Pain	pain sensors are all over your body, stimulus, hurts, not a good thing unless your working out, helps us learn, trial and error, injury, emotional or physicalmind over matter- you can push through pain, train yourself to not feel it
Pain	Complications, bad, unwanted feelings
Pain	ouch! breaking a bone, getting cut, hitting yourself, getting hit
Pain	an amount of pressure or soreness in a body or on a body or pressure given out.
Pain	hurt, uncomfortable, 
Pain	doesn't feel good, hurts, varies from person to person, can be emotional or physical
Pain	Hurt, unpleasent, achey, bad mood
Pain	is in the mind, two different kinds emotional and physical, caused by nerve impulses sent from brain, always suseptable to it barring a disorder, emotional pain can lead to depression, athletes play through it
Pavement	Ground, Black, Road, Surface, Driving, 
Pavement	usually dark colored  or light, made up of rocks, smooth, for driving on, walking on, created by man, 
Pavement	hard, grainy, pain
Pavement	hard, dark, rough
Pavement	is on a road, black, smooth, 
Pavement	cement, concrete, sidewalks, streets, place for people to walk, driveways, mixture of ingredients, hard, 
Pavement	road, not gravel, hard, smooth, slick when icy
Pavement	concrete, roads, streets, concret truck, black top, 
Pavement	grey, hard, concrete, sidewalk, something walked on, 
Pavement	solid ground that can be driven on. made to flatten ground and make it easier to walk or drive one. smooth compared to grass
Pavement	drive on, hard, useful, 
Pavement	Is hard, dark, smooth, is used for easier transportation.
Pavement	drivway, sidewalk, road, construction
Pavement	hard, road or sidewalk, used to be driven on or walked on, can have different textures
Pavement	
Pavement	black top smoothslick when raining
Pavement	ground, cement, rough, hard, bumpy or smooth, walk on it, all around
Pavement	street, yellow lines
Pavement	cement, driveway, garagefloor, foundation
Pavement	a hard concrete or asphalt surface on which one drives
Pavement	hard, road, drive on, black, yellow lines, cement
Pavement	is a road, is hard, concrete, is everywhere, hot when sun hits it, street, structure, rough, rocky, sidewalk
Pavement	paved area, street, sidewalk
Pavement	roads, highway, streets, concrete, parking lots, patios, 
Pavement	hard, concrete, hurts to fall on, roads, sidewalks
Pavement	road, cement, rocky, gravel, hot when sun hits it
Pavement	
Pavement	
Pavement	road, black top, reflects heat, on a street, makes it easier for cars to drive on
Pavement	a road to be traveled. the road, road worker
Pavement	road, knees, lines
Pavement	concrete, used to drive on, generally black
Pavement	hard surface on roads, sidewalks, or playing surface such as a basketball court. Usually hot from the sun
Pavement	Pavement is what keeps you (and cars) from falling into the ground.
Pavement	hard, cars drive on it, people walk on it, a covering
Pavement	can be put anywhere, most often seen on roads and driveways, is either gray or black, often has yellow lines on it (the road) 
Pavement	used on parking lots, roads, or sidewalks. levels out the ground 
Pavement	concrete, sidewalk, black, driving
Pavement	cement, laid down by a truck, usually has a pattern to it, depends on the way it is laid to see how it is tectured, carve things into it
Pavement	is a type of ground, is used for driving on or walking on, is black, is hard
Pavement	hard, painful, concrete, roads, cars, street, path of transportation, gravel, solid, rocks, cracks, asphalt, long, driveways, sidewalks
Pavement	hard, painful, street, roads, cars, transportation, gravel, rocks, solid, cracks, long, sidewalks, driveways, world wide
Pavement	is hard, not fun to fall on, looks nice
Pavement	road, made of small stones, asphalt, or concrete, where motor vehicles can drive on, usually striped with white or yellow lines
Pavement	is very hard, would hurt to fall on, is hot in the summer, is black or gray, used for roads, people drive on it, is used sometimes for outdoor courts
Pavement	concretgrayharddont want to fall on ithurts your body if fallen onpeople walk on it to get to placesroughcement
Pavement	hard, concrete, walk on it, drive on it, would hurt if you fell, smells bad when it is getting pored
Pavement	what we drive on with our cars,black, grimy, usually has yellow stripes
Pavement	Road ways, Concrete, blacktop
Pavement	concrete, sidewalks, helps build roads, buildings, basements, strong, hard, thick, almost impossible to break, cream/grey colored, starts out liquid but hardens over time, 
Pavement	Dark, hot, hard, thick.  Used for roads and parking lots.  When first laid down, it smells pretty awful.  
Pavement	is driven on, is black, contains oil, makes roads, is inedible
Pavement	Concrete, roads, sidewalk, rough
Pavement	
Pavement	found on the ground, something you walk on, often times it is black in color, hot when exposed to high temperatures or the sun
Pavement	is a used on roads, or in parking lots, is black, usually has yellow or white lines, has cars on it, has cracks, is hard, hurts to fall on. 
Pavement	smooth, black, cars drive on it, 
Pavement	hard
Pavement	sidewalk, shows a pathway to many destinations
Pavement	road, construction, endless, yellow lines, cars drive on them, travel, city sounds
Pavement	driveways, roads, sidewalks, black, asphalt, concrete
Pavement	is hard, is black, is used for roads, needs big trucks and machinery to be laid correctly, is strong.
Pavement	Black topGets very hot
Pavement	road, cement, sidewalk, what country people call a road when its not gravel, hard, cracks with age
Pavement	hard, road, concrete, 
Pavement	road
Pavement	a type of material used on highways and roads to be able to drive on a solid smooth surface
Pavement	road, highway, path for walking, used by everyone
Pavement	cars drive on it, people walk on it, it squishes any hope for plant life to escape through
Pavement	Concrete, asphalt, driveway, mixture of gravel and water and sand, gray, hard
Pavement	is a hard surface used all over the world, used a lot in parking lots and driveways, undergo a lot of usage, absorb sun ray heat, 
Problem	Uncertainty, Result, Difficult, 
Problem	1 + 1 = ?, an idea, concept,  
Problem	fault, barricade, opposition
Problem	Difficulty, crisis, trouble
Problem	it blocks something from an answer, needs a solution, 
Problem	is a tough situation, a struggle, an inconvienance, is followed by a solution, involves issues, not fun, not enjoyable
Problem	situation, stressful event, something that is not good
Problem	solving, school, money, woman, family, 
Problem	Something wrong, an issue. Needs to be fixed. Sometimes causes stress and anxiety. Sometimes can be used in scenarios.
Problem	the situation the requires you to make a choice. often problems mean there is no good choice and you have to force a better option
Problem	something bad, 
Problem	Difficulty, in need of a solution.
Problem	solution, math, thinking, plan, strategy, cognition, judgements, perspective
Problem	uncertainty, difficult challenge, some sort of obstacle, a problem usually requires an answer or solution
Problem	
Problem	situationconflictawkward
Problem	a setback or issue, may be difficult to solve, needs to be taken care of or fixed
Problem	solution, anxiety
Problem	solution, solved, difficulty
Problem	something that causes one a lot of stress
Problem	math, relationship, eating, working out, obsessed, hard, not fun, 
Problem	stuck, confused, decision needs to be made, math, solve, unfair, frustrating
Problem	could be a math problem, something that is hard to understand, causes trouble
Problem	solution, Addition or subtraction, causes tention, money problems, 
Problem	brings stress, needs a solution, homework
Problem	solvable, unsolvable, an issue, not a good thing
Problem	
Problem	
Problem	something difficult, find a way to figure it out, 
Problem	conflict, friends, 
Problem	solution, variety
Problem	obstacle, in the way of progress, digression, finding x in mathematics, how to cross a deep lake or why the chicken crossed the road
Problem	hard, can be mathematical, has to be solved, experiment.
Problem	A problem is a disagreement. People have to give up something to fix problems, it might be physical, emotional, or metaphysical, like time.
Problem	a situation that needs a solution, equation, pickle
Problem	something that needs to be solved, can be with either school (math, english, etc.) or home life. 
Problem	an issue that needs to be solved. 
Problem	solve, possibilities, dilema, accused, situation, help
Problem	bad outcome, cause and effect, math, marriage problems, relationship, video game probles
Problem	is in need a solution, is used to describe a bad thing, is used in math class, is used by humans to present ideas
Problem	lesson needed to be learned, school, solution, light at the end of the tunnel, strategic planning, may need opinions from outside sources, relationships, health, financial
Problem	lesson needed to be learned, school, solution, light at end of tunnel, strategic planning, opinions, relationships, health, financial, obstacle, threat, not a friend
Problem	something that needs to be resolved, unhappiness
Problem	an issue, causes tension between people
Problem	can be solved, should be solved, requires thinking, is sometimes difficult, everyone has a...
Problem	something gone wrongnever a good thingaccidentmistakeoopsygives anxietyusually unforgettable
Problem	something that you are having a difficulty with
Problem	
Problem	
Problem	no answer, something you can't figure out, no solution, causes anxiety, stress, sadness, frustration, question with no answer, math homework, difficult
Problem	Obstacle.  May be good, but is usually bad.  Often used in math.  Usually feels extremely negative.  
Problem	comes before solution, obstacle, everywhere, growing opportunity
Problem	Solution, hands on, something that needs fixed, stressor
Problem	
Problem	something that needs to be figured out, math, science, something that holds someone back from something, solution
Problem	Something you need to solve, math, conflict, word, question on a test, dispute.
Problem	something to fix, social, math classes, different ways of solving, 
Problem	solveing 
Problem	trial, issue, cause of conflict or disruption something that needs solving.
Problem	needs to be solved, conflicts
Problem	used in math, solved by people, could be a crisis, could be minor, could be a dangerous situation someone is in
Problem	something many people face every day, almost always has a solution, is something people try to avoid.
Problem	Math equationProblem SolvingSomething that occured that is keeping something else from happeningSomething that needs to be fixed
Problem	Home work, not what you expect, challenging, messes up your plans, a answer needs to be found
Problem	Difficulty, adversity, unfortunate circumstance, unlucky
Problem	equations, conflicts, school
Problem	when something goes wrong or a situation where you have to solve something.
Problem	not good, needs to be solved, 
Problem	needs a solution, an obstacle
Problem	Homework, stumped, puzzled, used as expressions such as having a problem
Problem	is an issue hindering ones daily routine, come in many different forms, some more tolerable than others, has many roots,  is something thats not right or uncommon, a trial to faced
Round	Ball, Circle, ring, Group of drinks, 
Round	a shape, earth, tires, sphere,
Round	overweight, natural, modern
Round	encircling, surrounding
Round	is a shape, doesn't have corners, no straight lines, 
Round	is a shape, used to describe, circle, circular, fat, larger, 
Round	shape, fat people, sphere, basketball, baseball, softball, soccer ball, tennis ball, head, wheel
Round	ball, fat, jolly, santa, orange, roll, wheel, tire, circle, 
Round	Description of objects such as circles, balls, ovals, etc. 
Round	circular shaped. or spherically shaped. blunt edges. 
Round	no corners, ball,
Round	Circle, balls, large.
Round	circle shape, fighting, math
Round	ball, able to roll, circular in shape, round objects do not have corners, inner tube
Round	
Round	CirlceBallSphereRolling
Round	circular, goes in circle, 
Round	ball, sports
Round	spherical, circular, ball
Round	is a shape; is an adjective;
Round	ball, world, head, 
Round	circle, orange, fat, ball, basketball, sports, race track
Round	circle, a shape
Round	Ball, tire, an orange, the earth, coins, buttons, CD's, a clock
Round	circular
Round	circle, ball, a cd, an apple
Round	
Round	
Round	a Circle, Shape, A series, fat, a well rounded person
Round	round house, circle, next session, horse pen 
Round	square, flat, 
Round	circular, no edges, going in a circle
Round	a round of a gun, a round in a game, 
Round	A round could be considered a turn, or an adjective that describes something as circular.
Round	without edges, circle, ellipse, smooth
Round	like a ball, smooth all the way around, circular
Round	circular, going around something
Round	circle, sun, ball, earth, shape, roll
Round	another word for ammo, multiple levels, circular, no edges, no points, never ending, ring
Round	is a shape, is circular, is also a measurement of time as in boxing
Round	circle, a coin, a tire, not straight, circumference, radius, diameter, connect, distinct area
Round	ball, fat, plump, full circle, never ending, rolls, bounce, circular, hole, solid
Round	shape of basketballs, softballs, baseballs, soccer balls, the earth is round
Round	something that doesn't have jagged or sharp edges, smooth, circular
Round	is the description of a circle, the earth is..., a wheel is..., a pizza is..., a ball is..., a hoop is...
Round	circlecircusferris wheelfast or slowaction or shapefruits such as apples or oranges
Round	circles, bowl, plate
Round	ball, sphere
Round	circular, spherical, part of boxing and fighting sports
Round	circular, able to roll, tires, no corners or edges, flat, smooth, earth is round, curves, makes a circle, complete, not hard or pointy
Round	In looking at this as solely a noun, this would mean a specific amount of time a "round" of golf. Mostly seen in competitive sports.
Round	shape, circle, never-ending
Round	ball, catch, circular, sphere, steak
Round	
Round	circular, ball, a shape, no end, no corners, a ring, eternity
Round	Shape, circle, semi-circle, 360 degrees or 180 degrees, shape of a pie, a ball, the earth, the sun, the moon.
Round	Ball, edges, 
Round	half
Round	circular, ball, fat 
Round	balls, not ends
Round	balls, people, chairs, circles, spheres, could be used as a verb, such as rounding first base, cylinders, light bulbs, planets, the sun, the moon
Round	is circular, is a circular motion, can be big, can be small, 
Round	CircleTableBall
Round	describing a person or shapeperson- fatshape- circular, smooth, no cornerswell rounded- multiple good qualities, desirable 
Round	Circular, Bouncy
Round	circular, boxing rounds, multiple tries, episodes
Round	something that is circular or sphere as in a basketball and etc...  also known as the specific name for periods in a boxing match.
Round	baseball, smooth, soccer ball, tennis ball, rocks 
Round	description for a person who isn't skinny, circle, no straight edges
Round	Circular, levels such as round 1 and 2, cylinder, ball, wheel
Round	is circular, can be 2d or 3d, which means it has an internal and external area, used in art, gives us ways to measure properties of the world 
Safe	Protection,Box, Fireproof, Vault, Stores money, 
Safe	to keep valuables in, metal, has a lock, can be hidden, can be broken in to, can be big or small, 
Safe	bubble wrap, home, content, family
Safe	secure, protected
Safe	not in danger, not harmful, a way of being,
Safe	safty, protection, cops, security, safe box, pad lock, store things safely, 
Safe	not dangerous, being cautious, thinking with your head, using your brain.
Safe	a house, lock, gun, protected, family, basement, police, 
Safe	Not in danger, out of harm, Not capable of being hurt; an object used to store money and valuables. 
Safe	a small vault, or the sense of security, or the call of a baseball player not being out. 
Safe	no risk, good, protected
Safe	Good, reliable, comfortable.
Safe	protected, sheltered from danger, dcrease likelihood of danger,, security, police, military
Safe	insurance, protection of danger, security, wearing a helmet when riding a bike is considered good safety, safety precautions decrease your chances of risk or harm
Safe	
Safe	non dangerousProtected CautiousSmart Common Sense
Safe	is a good thing normally, away from danger or harm, a vault or metal box that protects something, 
Safe	protected, calm, peaceful
Safe	secure, parents, law enforcement
Safe	not in danger
Safe	police officer, home, locked doors, 
Safe	home, happy, shelter, sound
Safe	free from danger, a place to keep valuables 
Safe	Home, holds important things, police station, bank safes, 
Safe	comfort, protected, alive, content
Safe	sound, home, family, somewhere where you put important things
Safe	
Safe	
Safe	where you are comfortable, parents making sure you are safe, the law,
Safe	gun, doors locked, parents, elders
Safe	unsafe, darkness, campus, light, people
Safe	a place to store valuable belongings, means that you're okay, a place to keep money in retail stores, has a dial, is heavy
Safe	used to protect things, made of metal, is rectangular shaped, has a lock
Safe	Safe is a noun and an adjective. The noun describes a difficult to access area that often lets few people access. The adjective can describe an area free of danger, or one where someone feels comfortable.
Safe	a container to put items you want to keep safe in, to be secure
Safe	feeling of being taken care of and not being afraid that something is going to happen to you, being at home, being with your family
Safe	where you feel comfortable and secure
Safe	home, security, haven, feeling
Safe	protected, holds large sums of money or valueable items, sense of security, usually has a code to access whats inside
Safe	is used for storing valuable things, is made of metal, is locked, is used by people, is often black, is secret
Safe	in the clear, not in danger, escaped danger, baseball, tie goes to the runner, shelter, protection, warmth, state of mind, calm
Safe	Control, warm, together, protection, baseball, metal, covered, guarded, shelter, lack of fear, sanity, calm
Safe	where you keep your money or valuables, indestructable
Safe	out of harm's way, nothing can be hurt or damaged, everything is protected
Safe	an object, used to store important things, state of being, feeling comforted and away from danger
Safe	always important to take care of yourselfstay away from strangersdont trust anyone you dont knowlisten to your instinces
Safe	locks, fences, pepper spray
Safe	used by people, police enforce it, many laws, why we wear seat belts, why we have alarms, protection, family
Safe	free from harm, unable to be harmed, on base, holds valuables
Safe	protected, out of harms way, nothing bad will or can happen to you, a firefighter keeps you safe, place you keep money, birth certificates, things that you don't want to get lost, stolen or destroyed. Small, grey, need combination or key to open. Huge if in banks and contain lots of money
Safe	Large, heavy, locked box.  Usually black and containing many locks with different codes.  Contains valuables not needing to be seen or known about by others.  May be in banks or in homes.  Used for securing extreme valuables.
Safe	state of mind, security, important
Safe	Protected, comfortable, parents, family
Safe	
Safe	something that can be locked and holds items; often times holds items of worth; found in homes, banks or businesses; made of a thick bullet-proof material; can be large or small
Safe	Unable to be dangered, sound, unharmed.
Safe	not being in danger, not getting oneself into dumb situations,
Safe	good
Safe	secure, comfortable
Safe	Security, protection, money, order
Safe	protection, is used to hold money and other valuables, a feeling most people like, more conservative rather than taking risks (playing it safe)
Safe	is when you touch the base before tagged out in baseball, is a warm feeling, is a place where you keep money and other valuable items, is when you are out of harms way.
Safe	SecureComfortableA houseFamilyPlace where you store important documents or ideas
Safe	Those safe house cards that you put in your window, in baseball, at home, locked door, storm has passed, a feeling
Safe	away from danger, protected, 
Safe	home, tornado shelter, baseball
Safe	a term used when you know you are unharmed
Safe	protected, baseball, 
Safe	reasonable, saves lives, stands in my mind next to stability, after it is achieved a person doesn't need to worry, used in sports after a person is safely on base, means to reason to question or worry
Safe	Protected, unharmful, home, parents, things that keep you from getting hurt, 
Safe	is a highly protected unit for storage, protects valuables, outside has combination lock, is fireproof, made of very tough metals, found in closets, also found in banks
School	Institution, Learning, Teacher, Students, Classroom, 
School	in a building, has teachers, students, you learn things, desks, homework, 
School	necessary, learning, money
School	train, educate, disipline
School	is a building, has teachers and students, a place for learning, 
School	has classrooms, place for students, run by faculty (teachers, principal, janitor, lunch ladies) includes school supplies (notebook, binder, folder, ruler, pens, pencil, caluclator), classes, subjects (history, english, science, math), varies through ages, 
School	Classroom setting, learning is happening, teachers are here to help, takes a long time to complete, somtimes cost money,kids have to wake up early, homework is involved, grades are important
School	college, studing, pencil, reading, work, library, laptop, books, notebook, backpack, pen, 
School	Learning environment, kids, lockers, principles, friendships, teachers, homework, etc. 
School	place to learn. large buildings. many educated employees work there.
School	classes, teachers, grades, homework, 
School	NECESSITY, important, education, advancement, knowledge, is for the development of the human thought process.
School	homework, studying, teachers, classes, supplies, desks, boards, rules, conformity, peers
School	education, grade school, high school, college, teachers, professors, Dr.s, public, private, people go to school to better their education in hopes of good job, sporting programs, fundraisers, tuition, scholarships
School	
School	educationalsmart learningteachingteacherexpensive
School	building, place to learn, there are several other students, education, there are teachers
School	work, homework, teacher, pencil
School	academics, grades, careers, teachers, homework
School	a place where a person becomes educated
School	boring, college, elementary, middle, junior, high, mascot, homework, classroom, teacher, hard, sports, tests, quizzes, reading, long, weekends free
School	is important, difficult, stressful, rewarding, education, degree, friendships, activities, graduation, pencils, paper, writing, math, subjects, history, thinking, gains knowledge
School	large group of fish, a place where people are educated
School	Homework, teachers, school bus, students, books, sports, 
School	education, friends, teachers, grades, equipment
School	hard, rewarding, gets you somewhere in life, bus, kids, playground, grades, tests
School	
School	
School	education, a place to learn, contains desk and teachers, 
School	missouri state, education, home work, grades
School	boring, classes, homework, annoyed, lecture, sleep, computer, notes
School	place for learning, place for younger kids to study, has a playground sometimes, has a flag, is free unless a private school
School	educates people, there is pre-school, grade school, and highschool, has many teachers and students
School	School is a noun and verb. The noun describes a place of learning. The verb denotes that some learning is about to be going down. Ex. "Looks like someone's about to be schooled."
School	boring, educational, cvollege, high school, middle school, elementary, learning
School	where you learn, elementary, middle, high school, and college, is hard for some people and easy for others, homework, need this to get a good job
School	education, meeting peers and teachers, sets your future
School	education, elementary/middle/high, college, 12+ years, career, apple, desk lunch time, recess, friends, graduation,prom
School	college, elementary, junior high, pen, pencils, paper, school supplies, student, teacher, gym class, dodgeball
School	is a place, is used by humans to learn in, is a building, inside has classrooms
School	preschool, elemantary, middle, high, college, graduate, success, GPA, learning, friends, teachers, degree, stressful, high work load, study, homework, education, expensive, books, sports, fun, social
School	homework, life, knowledge, learning, education, life skills, friends, success, GPA, expensive, books, papers, pens, grades, failures, achievements, sports, fun, important
School	is for people that want to succeed, where you go to better yourself, get a diploma or degree
School	where people go to learn, children start at around age 5, anyone can attend, where teachers work, can earn degrees, starts at kindergarten and goes through college, a building
School	is work, requires motivation, is a building, 
School	not funkidsyellow buseslunchrecessbookspencilspapernotebooksgluescissorseraserstestshomeworkquizzesfriendsteacherscouselorsofficeclassroomshallwayssportslockersbathroomsstudiesfutureheadaches
School	homework, classes, being late, backpacks, sleeping, tests, projects, syllabusses
School	Is a place, place were kids go, place to get an education, large, built of bricks, enjoyable place, contains books
School	learning, brain work, learning facility
School	Long, elementary school, middle school, high school, college, education, graduate, building where kids learn, social opportunities, influential, difficult, hard work  
School	Usually one building.  Contains students and teachers and is common in most cities.  Used for the purpose of teaching younger people the information older people have gained.  Usually safe and stable.
School	important, boring, repetitive, never-ending
School	Necessary, challenging, motivational, degree, job, career, life
School	
School	a place where you go to learn, has teachers and students, textbooks, computers, chalkboards and chalk, whiteboards, smartboards
School	A place education, college, high school, grade school. Is where you learn about different subjects including: math, english, spanish, history, agriculture, psychology, science, art, music, and many others 
School	a prison, useless, repetitive, socially awkward, 
School	hard,study, long, early
School	noun, general term for a place of organized and instructed learning. 
School	where you study, where your friends attend, a small red building, homework, teachers work, holiday breaks, pencils, books, playground equipment
School	learning, teachers, math, history, reading, english, science, public, private, lots of kids, homework, discipline
School	is challenging, is five days out of the week, takes up half of the day, is a place to learn, is a place to meet people.
School	EducationDread at timesHomeworkSleepyBoring
School	education, books, expensive, time consuming, university, college, high, middle, elementary, pre, stressful, expected, typically people 25 years old and under, has a mission statement, everywhere in the united states, Missouri State, different quality depending on where you are
School	place to learn, place to grow, daytime, time consuming, children, teens, 
School	place to study, books are used, place to socialize with friends, meet different people, place to make life long friends, get an education for career.
School	A place to get an education.  where people go to learn more information and become a better knowledgeable person in the future.  a building where students are taken to teach or learn.
School	college, math, english, science, psychology, history, monday-friday, teachers, students, grades
School	consumes time, a learning environment, accompanied by homework, social ground, a great place to meet others interested in the same things as you or people with the same life goals, an institution
School	children, k-12, learning, education, elementry, middle school, high school, college, buildings
School	is run by government, educational, very many here in the U.S., though found all over the world, different sizes and ranks, place to earn degree
Show	Theater, Band, Broadway, Movie, Stand-up,  
Show	tv, a play, a music act, fun, sad, drama, can be done with friends, 
Show	theater, showoff, visualize 
Show	illustrate, explain
Show	is a preformance, entertainment, can be knowlegable, 
Show	performance, actors, actresses, plays, tv, entertainment
Show	entertainment, fun, boring, expensive, cheap, concert, event
Show	televison, sports, circus, epsn, nickoloden, food network, everybody loves raymond, family guy, south park, good eats, sweet genius
Show	Performance or presentation, can include music, comedy, drama, or be an informative lecture. 
Show	live entertainment or a television program. or a scene. any theatrical situation
Show	something you watch, 
Show	Movies, tv, plays, to reveal something.
Show	television, episodes, reveal, diplay, entetain, theater
Show	movie, theater, what is on TV, show-and-tell, can be a competition, share with others, some sort of entertainment, explanation, look, see
Show	
Show	performanceentertainmentconcert
Show	display, on tv, actors play in them, entertaining to watch
Show	play, actors, movie
Show	performance, theater, putting on
Show	is something that is entertaining; it has actors and actresses usually acting out some kind of performance
Show	Desperate Housewives show, reality show, talk show, drama show, mtv, fake, dramatized, publicicty
Show	theater, play, movie, audience, actors/actress
Show	to reveal, a movie or musical, a display 
Show	Movie, theater, tv show
Show	performance, audience, theatre, demonstrate
Show	watchable, favorites, on a tv, can be recorded
Show	
Show	
Show	entertainment, actors, revealing something,
Show	tv, performance, to show someone
Show	and tell, performance, small, large, auditorium, curtains, lights, sounds, musicals, plays, dances
Show	a tv show, a movie show, showing of a presentation, a magic show, presenting something, watching a show
Show	is a performance of something, is usually entertaining, actors/actresses are a part of a show,
Show	Show is a verb and a noun. A show is something of interest meant to be performed in front of an audience. To show is to try to make someone else understand something you know about.
Show	performance, fun
Show	can be a television show, a theatrical production, a horse show, dog show, ect., something where people get to show off what they have (horses, dogs, animals, etc.) 
Show	a performance that is watched. can be funny, or could be something that relates to you on a personal level
Show	reveal, tell, express, drama, performance, movie, picture
Show	image, entertainment, look at, way to give idea of what to expect, pictures
Show	is a production, is something humans watch, has actors
Show	tv, entertaining, watching a play, theatre, demonstrate, show and tell
Show	demonstrate, tv, musical, concert, teach, entertain, tickets, lesson, fun
Show	present to someone, brag about something
Show	production, people putting on an act, use costumes and makeup, actors and actresses perform
Show	is a performance, is a movie, is a play, is a verb, is letting someone see something
Show	movie?presentationmotion picturesmotion wordsbig screen whiteblack and whitecolorfast or slowtvmovie theatercomputerover head
Show	movies, plays, tv shows
Show	found on TV, 
Show	movies, television shows, reveal, make visual
Show	play, entertainment, broadway, people performing, actors, actresses, tv show, movies, cartoons, explain a situation or article to a person, 
Show	Tv show or play.  Either on TV or on a stage.  Usually depicts fiction.
Show	entertainment, costs money, has performers, has variety
Show	Movie theaters, entertainment, watch, fun, date
Show	
Show	something that you watch; can be recorded (i.e.- a movie) or acted out live (i.e.- a play); can refer to concerts; often times put on by people, but can also be put on by things such as animals or puppets
Show	A performance, television show, game show, theater, music, art. 
Show	Performance, Theatre, Acting, playing, setting, design
Show	tv, dance, song
Show	production, TV, Theater, entertainment
Show	theater, movies, theatrical, display 
Show	is a movie, is a performance of some kind, is something entertaining, could be music or dancing or acting, is a display of an object or person, can be used as a verb, such as showing someone something
Show	to let others see something, refers to a concert, refers to a play or musical, is to display
Show	PerformancePerformersBroadwayMusicalPlay
Show	and tellreveal, exposea play, movie, performance
Show	Type of entertainment, watched by people, Enjoyable
Show	to express, a musical, a musical show, 
Show	to express something or someone to another person or class or etc...  Also to go watch a movie.
Show	play, t.v., entertainment
Show	paired with tell, used to describe a movie or a series, an exposition
Show	present something, play, act, movie, useually has lights and cameras, 
Show	is a production, or event held on tv on a fixed interval basis, can be used for revenue, an act held by anyone, produces different emotional responses from different individuals 
Skinny	Small, Anorexic, Diet, Lean, Attractive,  
Skinny	body shape, people and animals can be it, get that way if you dont eat, 
Skinny	anorexic, weak, hungry
Skinny	Small, not fat, not obese
Skinny	is the size of something, it's small in size, 
Skinny	small, tiny, is used to describe body shape, seeing bones, 
Skinny	diet, excerise, eat right, healthy,runner, doesnt eat fattening foods
Skinny	little fat, long legs, small waist, 
Skinny	Thin, tiny, low weight; often concerning people. Petite. Very mediated on television as something to aspire to be.
Skinny	narrow. not fat. generally skinny is good.
Skinny	little, size, 
Skinny	Jeans, desired, small, petite, emphasized by our society.
Skinny	slim, may be underweight, high metabolism, genes
Skinny	petite, small, opposite of fat, diet, people who exercise tend to be skinnier than those who didn't, physical appearance, related to size
Skinny	
Skinny	not fatin shape
Skinny	not fat, thin, 
Skinny	anorexic, lanky
Skinny	non-muscular, actresses, lanky, anorexic, usually women
Skinny	not fat, not very wide
Skinny	Paris Hilton, Lindsey Lohann, anerxic, good looking, jealous, in shape, healthy, lucky, gifted
Skinny	slender, small, models, barbie, in shape, toned
Skinny	opposite of fat, thin
Skinny	Models, jeans, what most people would like to be, 
Skinny	antonym: fat, thin, maybe unhealthy or maybe healthy, associated diseases
Skinny	slinder, thin, scrawny
Skinny	
Skinny	
Skinny	slender, genetics play a role, how people look at you, not eating a lot.
Skinny	girls, swim wear, tiny, not pretty
Skinny	fat, tall, short, hair color, eye color, gender
Skinny	unhealthy, can see bones, isnt over-weight, is slim, can fit in good looking clothes, used by humans, used in compliments, can be a mean or good thing about somebody
Skinny	the opposite of fat, without much muscle, describes people, is bony
Skinny	Skinny describes someone average or thinner than someone with a small frame, or someone underweight with a larger frame.
Skinny	has to do with weight, women think about it more, it is thought of as more attractive in people
Skinny	fit, healthy, can also be anorexia if someone is too thin
Skinny	something that is thin, a person could be known as skinny or an object such as a pencil
Skinny	model, diet, anorexic, healthy weight, image 
Skinny	opposite of fat, able to see bones, six pack, controlled weight, fast, not muscular
Skinny	is information, is used by humans to give news
Skinny	small, stick, anerexic, belemic, not heavy, attractive, popular, not a lot of muscle, fragile
Skinny	small, stick, unhealthy, weighs little, not enough food, attractive, popular, fragile
Skinny	is model-thin, only attractive to some people, what we see in the media, gives girls bad self-esteem
Skinny	not fat, slim, someone who doesn't have a lot of body fat, low BMI
Skinny	is the opposite of fat
Skinny	good unless in bad casesgirls always want to be skinnyanorexic or belemicdont get too skinnywomen or girls worry about gaining weight
Skinny	small, petite, miniature
Skinny	make you look boney, caused by exercise, wanted by most people
Skinny	thin, small
Skinny	small, little, boney, no substance, thin, not fat or round, a person can be skinny, opposite of fat, not consuming a lot of calories or food, characteristic of a person, describing word, lean, underweight, sometimes unhealthy
Skinny	Honestly, I'm pretty sure this is just an adjective.  
Skinny	opposite of fat, unhealthy, type of jeans, type of person, quality
Skinny	scrawny, fit, sexy, desirable
Skinny	
Skinny	thin, the size of a person, flat, doesn't weigh much, models, body image
Skinny	tiny, small, hairless, not fat, thin, pretty, popular. 
Skinny	jeans, size, stick, 
Skinny	girl, thin 
Skinny	thin, low body fat, desireable, product of dieting
Skinny	working out, celebrities, stereotype, not healthy
Skinny	thin, one's body, could be lack of eating, lots of exercise, lots of self-control,  motivation, could be unhealthy, could be in a healthy way, small, folders, poles
Skinny	is a quality a lot of people want, is beautiful, can be sickly-looking, is healthy for some people, it isn't healthy for others.
Skinny	Eating disordera small persontype of jeans
Skinny	what girls strive to be, relative term, you feel uncomfortable around people who are too skinny, fragile, bony, not muscular, mistreated animals are skinny, narrow, thinSkinny products are lower fat and calorie
Skinny	Thin, Healthy, Small, 
Skinny	skinny jeans, anorexic, girls
Skinny	a person, place, or thing that is very slim and doesn't have a very big diameter.  It is a small object.
Skinny	small
Skinny	opposite of fat, can be unhealthy, what everyone tries to achieve, seen as beautiful in society
Skinny	Slim, applied to people, applied to object, slinder, used to discribe how big items are
Skinny	is small and fragile, more minuscule than the average prototype, can be very good in some instances, high metabolism
Tan	Dark,Brown, Beds, Sunlight, Cancer, 
Tan	a color, something you can be when you get a lot of sun, boring
Tan	color, summer, tanning bed
Tan	darken, sun, 
Tan	is a color, can be a crayon, color of skin,
Tan	is dark, comes from the sun, tanning beds, result of uv rays, can be influenced by tanning lotion or sunscreen, is seen as beautiful or ugly depending on culture
Tan	articfial, spray, mystic, airbrush, lotion, different level beds, sun, tanning oil, sun screen, summer, beach, oustside
Tan	golden, tanning bed, sun, flordia, california, south, mexico, sunscreen, swimming, summer
Tan	Sand or peachy color, can often reference a skin tone, people do this on the beach or in salons to reach a specified darker skin color.
Tan	i am tired of describing adjectives when the examples were physical things that got a physical description
Tan	darker, from sun
Tan	Sun, beaches, bronze, skin, hides, leather, brown, hardened.
Tan	Change one's skin darker, sunshine, outside, tanning machine
Tan	a type of color, sun tan, exposure to sunlight results in the tanning of skin, skin cancer
Tan	
Tan	BedBrownSun
Tan	color, what you do to your skin if you are pale, the sun helps you tan, 
Tan	sun, hot, women
Tan	brown, dark, skin
Tan	a color that might be considered a light brown
Tan	me, bad for you, cancer, wrinkles, drys out skin, makes you darker, cost a lot, uva, uvb rays, lotions, beds, bulbs, bronzing, high pressure, sales, better looking, vitamin D
Tan	lotion, sun, hot, burnt, swimming, summer, laying out, relaxing
Tan	a yellow-brown color, to make your skin darker, 
Tan	skin, tanning bed, melanin, dark complexion, lotion, sun, beach, 
Tan	is a color, is a verb, people tan in beds and in the sun, people tan on vacation
Tan	pretty, bronze, sun
Tan	
Tan	
Tan	a color, sun changes the color of your skin, uv rays,
Tan	body, sand, mexico, sun, bright
Tan	real or fake, dark, to much?
Tan	a different skin color than you are, usually orange-ish, gotten by being out in the sun, farmers have tans, tanning-beds, beaches, skin pigment
Tan	girls are obsessed with it, is attractive, can be harmful, caused by the sun, 
Tan	Tan is a colour. It also describes the process of attempting to gain that colour.
Tan	dark, sexy, skin
Tan	is because of the sun, color of skin, dark skin, can be either from the sun or the tanning salon, can also come from a tanning lotion. 
Tan	when someones skin is a dark color from UV rays
Tan	uv light, white people, tanning beds, jersey shore, sun, cancer, harmful, image, common
Tan	dark skin, tanning booth, sun, pool, hispanics, darker than whites but lighter than blacks
Tan	is a color, is a form of brown, is bland
Tan	sexy, not pale, golden brown, tanning beds, sun, fake bake, beach, pool, laying out, attractive
Tan	attractive, golden, expensive, dangerous, cancer, fake, lotion, beach, skimpy, hot, tropical, vacation
Tan	looks good on skin, takes some people a lot of time to build, is expensive to do artificially, is ideal for women
Tan	caused by the sun or artificial ultraviolet light, when someone isn't pale or white, dark colored, can cause freckles
Tan	is a color, is a verb, is an adjective, is acquired by UV rays, is not good for you
Tan	sunnot good for youtanning bedtanning lotiontowelseye glassessandsun glassesrelaxingwaterfoodvacationburntcold showerwe tan to look darker than our usual skin colorusually in winter use a tanning bed
Tan	dark skin, dark color, tanning bed, tanning lotion
Tan	usually brown, what happens to humans, caused by the sun, makes you look pretty
Tan	warm color, southern slang "tan your hide", leather
Tan	dark skin, caused by the sun, sometimes happens after a sunburn, caused by UV rays, not good for you, can cause cancer, to lay out or go to a tanning salon to get darker skin
Tan	The difference in the pigmentation of skin before and after sun exposure.  Should be darker, but may become orange if done incorrectly.  Mostly seen in the summer, but may be seen in winter when using a tanning salon.  May be fake (salon or out of a bottle) or natural (sun).
Tan	color, skin tone, important in summer, girls
Tan	Tanning bed, color of skin, the crayon, army men, the sun, bathing suits
Tan	
Tan	a light to semi-dark brown color, can refer to skin tone or a color of something else (i.e.- clothing, material, paint color), can be a material
Tan	Color, of a persons skin, of an appliance, in furniture is easy to stain, can be the color of an animals fur.
Tan	a color of skin, 
Tan	good, awesome
Tan	sun tanning, color of skin for a person, go tanning at the tanning salon, 
Tan	pretty, dark, tanning bed, sun, summer, swimming, tan lines
Tan	dark skin, can tan in beds, can tan by the beach, can tan by or in the pool, light brown color
Tan	is a types of color, has many different shades, refers to someone who is dark complected, is to lay in the sun to darken the skin town, is a math term
Tan	Darker complectedtanning bedYour type of skin typeYour nationality
Tan	processing a hide, skin color, desired, dark, tanning causes skin cancer, tanning beds, tanning companies, the silver plates used to tan your face, the color tan which is light brown
Tan	Dark, brown, glowing, bronzed, color
Tan	tanning bed, sun, cancer, girls, 
Tan	to be darker or a neutral color
Tan	color, sun, laying out, tanning beds,
Tan	opposite of pale, skin cancer can come from tanning too much, many people aspire to be this
Tan	Darker than the normal, color, light brown, 
Tan	is unhealthy, is the burning of skin by UV rays, can be natural or false, occurs in tanning beds, can cause skin cancer, is bad on eyes, whitens teeth, improves appearance
Tasty	Good taste, Yummy, Delightful, 
Tasty	something good, food, drink, 
Tasty	coke, food, drink
Tasty	Good flavor in my mouth
Tasty	is something pleasant, normally deals with food, if something has a good flavor
Tasty	yummy, good, food, sweet/spicy, taste buds, mouth, flavors, spices, 
Tasty	candy, home cooked food, meat, salad, something that taste good, drink, flavorful 
Tasty	food, tacobell, spagetti, ramon noodles, chicken, pepsi, lemonade, water, pizza, candy, ranch, hot sauce
Tasty	Flavorful, something good in taste. Sensations taste buds.
Tasty	a food that is very enjoyable to eat but not necessarily healty
Tasty	good, enjoy, flavor
Tasty	Good, food, appealing.
Tasty	delicous, desire to eat, desired  and liked by taste buds, positive stimulus
Tasty	would describe a food or drink, snacks or treat, describes a good meal, desirable flavor,  people tend to like these kinds of foods
Tasty	
Tasty	foodyummydelicous satified
Tasty	good, food, delicious, it is normally enjoyable,
Tasty	watering, sizzle, salty, sweet
Tasty	cookies, cake, desserts
Tasty	delicious; flavorful
Tasty	Pasta, ice-cream, sweets, sweet tea, tacos, bread, yummy, good, barbque, hot food, 
Tasty	food, happy, cake, icecream, pizza, mouth watering
Tasty	appetizing flavor, attractive, 
Tasty	steak, soda, fruit, good, savory, delicious
Tasty	delicious, food, happiness
Tasty	food, sweats, salty stuff, pizza, candy, cookies, ice cream
Tasty	
Tasty	
Tasty	something that you like, food, tastebuds decide this
Tasty	food, candy, sweets, pizza, chick filet
Tasty	yum!, Maria's, food, homecooked
Tasty	tastes good, doesnt taste bad, better than something else, a comparison to other foods, is a food or drink, is edible, differs for each person
Tasty	good for food, is often unhealthy, 
Tasty	Tasty describes something as delicious. It can apply to sweet, salty, spicy, but generally not bitter.
Tasty	yummy, food, flavorful
Tasty	something that is good to eat, is different for every person, for me it is chocolate 
Tasty	when you eat something that is really good to your senses
Tasty	Food, pancakes, taste buds, saliva, tongue
Tasty	good, sweet, spicy, delicious, taste buds, eat, big n' tasty, changes from person to person, based on point of view
Tasty	is something with a good flavor, is pleasing, is used when eating
Tasty	something that tastes good, steak, chicken, fried foods, milk, something you want more of, most likely bad for you
Tasty	something that tastes good, steak, chicken, fried foods, milk, mostly bad for you, delicious, warm, wanted, enjoyable
Tasty	satisfying, makes you happy
Tasty	when something in your mouth appeals to you
Tasty	means something tastes good
Tasty	something that you like the taste ofdiserableyummydeliciouswanting cravingfulfillingtreatdelightful
Tasty	coffee, something you like to eat or drink
Tasty	like a sweet, like a candy bar, sugary, 
Tasty	tastes good, mouthwatering
Tasty	Yummy, delicious, want more of something, pertains to food you like, good flavor, can eat too much of something, good flavor, mouth watering, can't have enough, personal preferences on what's tasty
Tasty	Appeals to the senses of the tongue- taste.  Tastes good.  Mostly foods cooked or processed, but may also contain raw fruits and vegetables if prepared properly.
Tasty	good taste, desirable 
Tasty	delicious, rich, smooth, incredible, yummy
Tasty	
Tasty	appealing to your taste buds, food, pleasant, enjoyable to eat, drinks, good flavor
Tasty	Flavor, good, delicious, can be used to describe different types of food, candy, vegetables, pizza, ice cream. 
Tasty	flavor, sweet, salty, spicy, hot, delicious, 
Tasty	food, sugar, good
Tasty	desired sense of taste, 
Tasty	food, chocolate, taste buds
Tasty	delightful, yummy, good, food, sweets, treats
Tasty	is pleasing to the mouth, is something that is good
Tasty	Food Good Feeling
Tasty	yummy, good food, you like it, causes over eating, good, can be healthy or not, can be solid or liquid
Tasty	good, enjoyable, delectable, 
Tasty	food, snacks, cookies, cake,
Tasty	something that is very good at the touch of the mouth
Tasty	yummy, good food, desserts, 
Tasty	using one of the five senses you can taste it, it is savory, it is palatable, it is redefined from person to person, usually describes foods or at least edible items
Tasty	yummy, pleasurable, smells good, taste good, likeable
Tasty	attractive to the taste buds, something that was better than usual, referred to at food businesses
Trait	Characteristic, Quality, Unique, Tradition, 
Trait	passed on from parents, can be good or bad, 
Trait	attribute, good
Trait	attribute
Trait	a distinguishing feature, can be good or bad, can represent something or somebody
Trait	something special, unique, or different about a person, individual
Trait	characteristic, personalilty, something inherited
Trait	Qualities, characteristic, DNA, Eye color, Hight, skin color, personality
Trait	Genetics, characteristics, chromosomes, scientific, biological
Trait	a characteristic. or description. trait often used when describing the heredity and the pattern of characteristics
Trait	don't know
Trait	Genetics, inherited, cannot be changed, what you're born with.
Trait	genes, heredity, learned behaivor or skill
Trait	characteristics, people have many different traits, found in DNA, can be positive and negative, related to appearance or a quality of an individual 
Trait	
Trait	personalitycharacteristicgene
Trait	a characteristic, a description, makes up ones personality or physical appearance
Trait	personality
Trait	personality, characteristic, symbol
Trait	a characteristic of a person
Trait	character, nice, mean, kind, sweet, cute, warm hearted, evil, vengfull,
Trait	physical, genetics, DNA, inheritance, 
Trait	quality, characteristic, personality
Trait	feature, habit, property, quality, characteristic, attribute
Trait	people have, can be inherited, synonym: characteristic, physical and personality traits
Trait	something that decribes a person, a nose, a loud laugh, a pretty smile, long hair
Trait	
Trait	
Trait	personality, characteristics, defines a person
Trait	christmas, genes, eye color, hair color
Trait	personality, physical looks, joy
Trait	hereditary, got from parents, is acquired, hair, eyes, skin color, height, weight, male or female
Trait	describes a person or thing, an individual aspect of the whole, can be good or bad.
Trait	A trait is a quality something possesses.
Trait	a quality
Trait	something you show as a person, can be hereditary
Trait	something that is inherited from parents
Trait	characteristic, quality, what someone is known for,personality
Trait	way to describe someone, physical, mental, psychology, many different types of traits
Trait	is a description, is an attribute, is used to describe personalities
Trait	characteristic, passed down from Mom and Dad, personality, can sometimes be changed, biology, 
Trait	gene, characteristic, hair color, eye color, personality, passed down, parents, science, life
Trait	describes you, makes you how you are, has personality traits, physical traits
Trait	a physical or emotional characteristic that someone has, what makes someone unique
Trait	personality..., is an attribute of something or someone
Trait	something you get from your parentscommon traits between parents and their childrentwinsbrothers and sistersadoptedmother and daughter
Trait	anything that describes something
Trait	characteristic you inherit
Trait	characteristics,noteable differences
Trait	something someone possesses, quality, different types and kinds, describing element of a person, place or thing, characteristic, helps distinguish a person
Trait	Characteristic, mostly found in a person.  
Trait	something one does, genetic, descriptive
Trait	physical, emotional, personality, psychological, characteristics, genetics, adjectives
Trait	
Trait	describes someone or something; examples can include not physical such as: funny, shy, outgoing, loud, quiet, smart; or can refer to something physical: thin, dark hair, blue eyes, short, tall
Trait	A characteristic, a good trait, a bad trait, honest, humble, trustworthy, pleasant, nice, outgoing, shy, a liar, cheater, dishonest, unpleasant, mean. 
Trait	something good or bad about a certain  person, something genetic,
Trait	personailty
Trait	personality 
Trait	something carried, genetic, 
Trait	characteristics of one's personality, physical being or lifestyle
Trait	something passed on, often liked, often disliked, can be good, can be bad, is hereditary. 
Trait	Personality
Trait	sex-linked traits, descriptive, genetics
Trait	Characteristic, something unique to one person
Trait	genes, features,
Trait	the way you carry something on. the ability to get a specific ability from someone else or a family member. etc...
Trait	human traits, genes, 
Trait	a characteristic, inherited or just learned
Trait	characteric, habbit, gene, 
Trait	quality passed down from generation to generation, could be one of several qualities that a parent possesses, can be a defining feature of ones self 
Wheelchair	Disabled, Seat mounted on wheels, Paralyzed, Can't walk, Mobile, 
Wheelchair	a chair on wheels, so people can get around who cant walk, made of metal, can be motorized, 
Wheelchair	handicap, disabled, parking spot
Wheelchair	handicap,mobile
Wheelchair	is a type of chair with wheels, people with some sort of disability use it, used to get around, 
Wheelchair	legs, foot, broken bone, surgery, cast, pain, crippled, unable to walk, hurt, brace, elevators
Wheelchair	injury, paralyzed, need help, special olympics
Wheelchair	handicap, hospital, old people, races,
Wheelchair	wheels, circular, has a seat, has brakes, comes in various colors, use with hands, often pushed by other individuals.
Wheelchair	substitute for walking for those who are handicapped and cannot walk. looks like a chair with two large wheels and handles to be pushed by someone
Wheelchair	wheels, cant walk,
Wheelchair	Is used by the disabled, allows for transportation, two wheels and a chair.
Wheelchair	ramps, elevators, parking, inability of person to walk
Wheelchair	handicapped, necessity, way of transportation, provides mobility for some with injury who cannot walk, retirement home, electric wheelchair
Wheelchair	
Wheelchair	special olympicschaircant walk
Wheelchair	two wheels, a seat, gets the crippled or handicapped people around easier, mode of transportation other than walking
Wheelchair	paralyzed, sadness
Wheelchair	disabled, transportation, elderly
Wheelchair	something that handicapped people typically use for transportation if they are unable to walk
Wheelchair	disabled, hurt people, helpful tool to get around, sad, big wheels, way of transporation.
Wheelchair	handicapped, broken leg, cast
Wheelchair	a chair with wheels, for the disabled
Wheelchair	disabled, paralysis, elderly, mobile chair, hospital, 
Wheelchair	used by people with handicaps or disabilities, means of transportation, used after injuries
Wheelchair	has big wheels, moves somewhat quickly, two little wheels, broken leg
Wheelchair	
Wheelchair	
Wheelchair	a chair for people who can't walk, used with disable people
Wheelchair	old people, elderly, chair with wheels, cripple 
Wheelchair	unfortunate, handicapped, 
Wheelchair	wheels, handi-capped, injured, a chair to sit, used for older people generally
Wheelchair	used to help handicapped people move, is a seat on top of two large wheels, the seat is made of leather
Wheelchair	A wheelchair is a mobile chair, owing its mobility to its wheels. People without the ability to walk have the choice to use it as a way of getting around. People who can walk can enjoy the occasional use of a wheelchair, especially when drunk.
Wheelchair	disability, ramp, handicap, the close parking spaces
Wheelchair	somethings used to help people get from one place to another when they have broken a bone or are paralyzed, two big wheels and two small wheels 
Wheelchair	something that you can sit in and it wheels you around. can be self-controllable or someone can push you. used mostly for people who cant walk
Wheelchair	wheels, rolling, paralyzed, broken bone-cast, leather, metal, hospitals
Wheelchair	two wheels, chair, crippled use it, some have baskets, move wheels to accelerate, pointed poles on back
Wheelchair	is used by humans that cannot walk, has wheels, is made of metal and plastic, is man-made
Wheelchair	surgery, cant walk, old people, form of transportation, paralyzed, hard to get around, discriminated against, strong arms, special olympics
Wheelchair	mobility, health, support, laughing, pain, torture, life ruined, traumatizing 
Wheelchair	is for injured or elderly, chair on two wheels
Wheelchair	assists people who can't walk, has 4 wheels with a footrest, two handles on back so someone can push, made of metal, plastic, and rubber, usually gray or black, found in hospitals or nursing homes
Wheelchair	is helpful for people that can not walk, is used in hospitals, is used for women going into labor, is used for people who have broken bones, has two wheels, can be battery operated, can fold up for storage
Wheelchair	used to wheel those who are old or hurt blackwith silver (medal) polesfeet spot to put you feetusually sad to see someone infun to wheel around ini think of hospitalsnursing homesold peoplesurgery patients 
Wheelchair	handicapped, mobility, 2 wheels, wheelies
Wheelchair	what handicap people use, what you sit in, had wheels that you spin to move it, 
Wheelchair	chair with wheels, used for physically handicapped, rolls, transportation, motorized or hand powered
Wheelchair	Hurt people use them, old, smell bad, worn, has two wheels and a seat with footrests, use your arms to move it, can also be moved if someone pushes it, rolls, used in hospitals, helps transport injured people
Wheelchair	Big, black, bulky, containing two wheels and handles, a seat, foot rests, and sometimes a basket.Used for people unable to walk for multiple reasons.Seen mostly in hospitals but not uncommon.
Wheelchair	has wheels, is a chair, handicapped people, handicapped parking, ramps
Wheelchair	elderly, crippled, wheelies, sad, depressing, unmotorized
Wheelchair	
Wheelchair	used for transportation, has wheels, can be electronic or something a person moves manually
Wheelchair	Device used by injured or disabled people, has wheels, can be used for races, is used in hospitals, is by the elderly, is used for leg injuries, requires ramps. 
Wheelchair	Disability, closer parking spots, 
Wheelchair	upset 
Wheelchair	for the injured or physically disabled
Wheelchair	disabled, found in hospitals, 2 big wheels, elderly, you sit in it, paraplegic, paralyzed
Wheelchair	two handles, four wheels, used by people who cannot walk, pushed by someone else sometimes, about 3 feet tall, could be small or wide based on the person using it, present at stores for customers to use
Wheelchair	is used for those with handicaps, is a chair on wheels, is pushed by others, is meant for those who have trouble walking
Wheelchair	HandicapInjuryElderlyHospital Nursing Home
Wheelchair	disabled, handicap, four wheels, sometimes electric, ramps and moving elevators used, wheelchair races and games, special olympics
Wheelchair	Gives access, can be pushed
Wheelchair	used by the disabled, used at hospitals, 
Wheelchair	something used by elders an impaired humans to have access to movement and etc...
Wheelchair	handicapped, paralyzed, injured, helpful
Wheelchair	used by the handicapped, used when a person's legs don't work or shouldn't be used
Wheelchair	Handicap, divice used to mobilize people, has a seat, most have two wheels or more, has handles in the back, metal frame, cushened back rest, 
Wheelchair	is a handicap appliance, on two wheels, can do wheelies, made of metal, rolls, helps the handicapped transport themselves, are the international symbol for handicapped
