Semantic Data S00420
Practice:
finger They are located on your hand.  They can be long or short. They have fingernails at the end.  You use them to pick up things.
couch Usually in a living room. big and soft. long enough for a person to lay on. different colors and textures.
Experimental:
acute Used in geometry to describe angles that are less than 90 degrees.  Opposite of obtuse angles.
adolescence A person\'s teenage years.  Usually a difficult time.  Person goes through puberty and other changes.
airshaft Ventalation pipe. Large and long.  Air passes through them. Made of aluminum or galvanized steel.
arc Rounded structure. Starts out straight, then curves back down.  The St. Louis Arc is a famous tourist attraction in Missouri.
attach To connect an object with another object.  Can be done with screws, nails, tape or glue.
been Already happened. Used with the words have and has.
beware Be careful.  Know your surroundings. A sign warning you that there is something dangerous ahead.  Many people with mean dogs have signs that say, \"Beware of dog.\"
chalkboard Teachers use them.  You use chalk to write on them.  They are green or black in color.  Harder to erase than markerboards.  Dusty when erasing.
charm Cunning, alluring. People are usually drawn to others with this characteristic.
climate Weather over a long period of time in a specific place. Used to predict future weather.
clockwise Direction tool.  Follows the same pattern as a clock.
collect To gather things. Usually there are similar items in a collection. People collect things that are valuable to them.
compound The combination of two things. Used with various chemicals in chemisty.  It can be used to describe words or sentences that have been joined together.
constant Steady. Reliable. Sometimes a description of a measurement.
cutthroat Competition. People will do whatever they have to, even if they have to hurt others.
cylinder A shape. A tube connects to round ends. A toilet paper role is a cylinder shape.
daytime Takes place when the sun is visible. Time when people work and play the most. Opposite of night.
dessert Sweet. Treats. Pies, cakes, cookies, and candies are considered desserts.  Most people eat them at the end of the meal.
detail Small items that make up a larger whole.  Sometimes they can go unnoticed.
disciple In Christianity, a follower of Jesus.  Leaders in the Christian world. It is still used today to describe followers of different people.
done Finished. Completed a task. Something is ready, such as food.
earring Can be made of metal or plastic. Different kinds include: big, little, hoops, or studs.  Men and women wear them.  A backing holds them in place on the ear.
emote Act out. Show emotional feelings.  Actors emote feelings when they act.
energy The power to do something. Can be based on desire also.
eureka A moment of enlightenment or clarification.  Also, the title of an old kids\' TV show: Eureka\'s Castle.
fiance A person that is engaged.  Women that are fiances wear a ring on their left hand.
floorshow Used to show off items. Tables are used.
folder Used to hold things, usually paper. Can be many different colors.  Similar to a large sheet of paper folded in half.
freestyle To create something original. Rappers do it when they are rapping.  Dancers also do it.
heave To push with a lot of force. Hard work. A person has to heave heavy objects.
heaven A perfect place that is based on religious belief. Home of God. People that are good or saved (depending on religion) go here.  The opposite of Hell.
jabber Fast talking.  Talking about nothing significant. It can annoy others.
leery Unsure feeling. People feel this way when they meet someone for the first time, or they are experiencing a new situation.  Makes people act cautiously.
mall A lot of stores in one place. Outdoors or indoors. People shop and eat there.
manager A person that manages a business.  They make sure everything and everyone is working properly.
menace Villain in stories.  Threatening to people.
nickname A shortened version of a person\'s name. Sometimes they come from a characteristic the person has or an action.
olympics Many different sports. Tests skill of individuals. Winners win medals.  Takes place in a big city.  Changes location. Occurs every four years.
pedigree A type of pet food.  Also used to track geneology.  Based on ancestry. Significant in raising dogs, horses, and other animals.
plus Used to show the addition of something. Opoosite of minus. Represented by a small t.
puff A swelling. Sometimes used to describe types of pastries.  Can also be used to describe large breaths of air or smoke.
reasonable Reason is behind it. It is a sound decision.
retrograde To go backwards. People with retrograde amnesia can\'t remember things that happened before their accident.
rogue Rough, rebellious.  Leaves the norm behind.
secure A feeling of being safe or confident in yourself.  Can mean an object is stable.
shade Makes things lighter or darker.  Describes colors.  Trees provide shade, making it darker and cooler
snatch Grab. A quick motion to pick something open. People snatch things they want.
soup Hot. Made with vegetables. Creamy.  People eat it when they are sick or cold.
spasm Jerking. Uncontrolable. Quick and involuntary.  Has to stop on its own.
swimmer A person who swims.  They may swim in pools, lakes, river, or other bodies of water.
tabloids Spread gossip.  Celebrities or unusual stories fill the pages.  Smaller than a magazine.
thick larger than average.  Dense. Used to describe some hair types. Opposite of thin.
tier Individual layers.  Wedding cakes are in tiers.  Pyramids are in tiers.  They provide structure. Typically the bottom tier is the largest and the top tier is the smallest.
transpire Took Place. Happening. Something occured.
troll Usually in fairy tales.  Large, hairy creatures.  Portrayed as ugly and scary.
unify To bring together. Comes with an inspiring feeling.
wallop To hit or clobber something. Powerful thrust.
windmill Large buildings with large fan-shaped stuctures on the front of them.  Use wind for energy.
wonderful A feeling when you get the best outcome of a situation. A very meaningful expression to show the greatness of something.  Causes happiness.
wrath Deep anger towards something. Vengence.