Lawn	grass, garden, territory
Lawn	A lawn is an area of aesthetic and recreational land planted with grasses or other durable plants, which usually are maintained at a low and consistent height. Low ornamental meadows in natural landscaping styles are a contemporary option of a lawn. In recreational contexts, the specialised names turf, pitch, field or green may be used, depending on the sport and the continent.
Lawn	plot of grass, usually tended or mowed, as one around a residence or in a park or estate.
Lawn	a grassy growing development around ones house apartment or trailer
Lawn	cultivated area of green grass, backyard, park, garden, green, grass, grass plot, plot, terrace, yard, acres, claim, field, garden, homestead, meadow, pasture
Lawn	its a land, to earn money, its a symbol of royal
Lawn	it is smooth grass field
Lawn	Green grass, often surrounding someones home or a park, usually mowed and cared for often
Lawn	grassy field, full of flowers, maintained for cleanliness,
Lawn	grass grown infront of one's flat
Lawn	vacant space of the property
Lawn	grassy ground
Lawn	a plot of grass, usually tendered or mowed, a part of a garden
Lawn	grass, yard, mow, mower, weed
Lawn	With grass,a pleasant,play there with kids and dogs,a greeny one.
Lawn	Green grass that is maintained properly , used as decorative gardening , can be seen in park , grounds etc , a soft patch of grass
Lawn	lawn (noun) an area of short, regularly mown grass in the garden of a house or park.
Lawn	A plot of grass, usually tended or mowed,A light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave,a flat and usually level area of mown and cultivated grass,a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed
Lawn	field,plants,green,turf
Lawn	A plot of grass, usually tended or mowed, as one around a residence or in a park or estate, A light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave, a flat and usually level area of mown and cultivated grass
Lawn	grass, garden, landscaping, insects, cool surroundings, beautify area, party location, fountains
Lawn	an area of smooth , short grass , especially as part of a garden :he is mowing the lawn.
Lawn	A plot of grass
Lawn	outside,pleasant,green,grass
Lawn	recreational land, cultivated area of green grass,mowed closely, created for aesthetic pleasure
Lawn	Lawn:-  Sward, Greensward, Turf, Sod, Green
Lawn	Grass, green, soft, plush, somewhere to do activities
Lawn	park, green
Lawn	"1. 
a stretch of open, grass-covered land, especially one closely mowed, as near a house, on an estate, or in a park."
Lawn	Expanse of turf or grass.
Lawn	recreational land planted with grasses, common feature of private garden
Lawn	grass, yard, mow, children play on, picnic, water it
Lawn	has grass, needs mowing, green in colour
Lawn	piece of closely-mown grass in a garden etc.
Lawn	a stretch of open, grass-covered land, especially one closely mowed, as near a house, on an estate, or in a park.
Lawn	in front of a house, made out grass, gardened
Lawn	an area of grass
Lawn	are greean
Lawn	mowed
Lawn	green,grass,fresh,flowers,park, hotel,irrigation,
Lawn	land covered with grass kept closely mowed, esp. in front of or around a house,the grass itself: to mow the lawn,an open space in a forest; glade,a fine, sheer cloth of linen or cotton, used for blouses, curtains, etc.
Lawn	land covered with grass kept closely mowed,in front of or around a house
Lawn	grassy area, short grass, mown, manicured
Lawn	a stretch of open grass-covered land, (Archaic )a glade
Lawn	a stretch of open, grass-covered land, especially one closely mowed, as near a house, on an estate, or in a park, a glade.
Lawn	Archaic
Lawn	A plot of grass, usually tended or mowed, as one around a residence or in a park or estate
Lawn	garden, grass, greenish palce
Lawn	A plot of grass, tended or mowed, as around a residence or in a park/estate. Light cotton/linen fabric of fine weave
Lawn	Ground.
Lawn	plot of grass
Lawn	is beautiful,is green,can be set beautifully,is an attraction to a building or house,
Lawn	An open space between woods.
Lawn	the grass area in front of someones home
Lawn	garden
Lawn	backyard, garden, grass, grassplot, green, park, plot, terrace, yard
Lawn	An open space with grass and small trees and herbs
Lawn	A light cotton or linen fabric of very fine weave
Medicine	The science or practice of the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease (in technical use often
Medicine	science or practice of the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of disease, esp. as distinct from surgery
Medicine	cures diseases, makes you feel better, prescribed by doctor
Medicine	medication, medicinal drug, medical specialty, medicate
Medicine	drug, tablets, pills, remedy, injury
Medicine	tablets
Medicine	Tables or liquids given to an ill person
Medicine	A science or Practice of the Diagnosis, Treatment of a Sick person, The Prevention of disease, A some kind of Drug,Used to treat disease or injury
Medicine	the science and art of diagnosing, treating, curing, and preventing disease, relieving pain, and improving and preserving health
Medicine	doctor, treatment
Medicine	substance taken to cure a disease
Medicine	It is used to cure the disease, tablets, syrups, capsules are the medicinal form to intake.
Medicine	aspirin, treatment, to make better, antibiotics, prescription
Medicine	some kind of materials used by doctors to cure illness.
Medicine	medicinal drug
Medicine	alopahy cure
Medicine	Medical Shop, Health science,  Ayurvedic medicine
Medicine	A liquid or tablet taken when ill.
Medicine	treat, care for
Medicine	a drug to heal health related problem
Medicine	a form of a pill or liquid to help remedy a sickness of a person
Medicine	Used to make people feel better, often created by biochemists.  Always has taste, makes me think of pink.
Medicine	Medicine :- practice of medicine, euphony, medical specialty, medicinal drug, medicament, medicine, music, medication
Medicine	pharmacy, health care, drugs, treatment
Medicine	Tablets,tonics,syrups,capsules,relieves pain,pain-killer,gets rid of diseases
Medicine	any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness,the art or science of treating disease with drugs or curative substances,the medical  profession.
Medicine	drug, is given to sick,used in treatment, made of herbs,process of diagnosis
Medicine	Anything that is prescribed by your doctor for your illness.Panacea,Cure,Study to qualify to become a doctor,Bitter pills.
Medicine	MEDICINE FOR LIFE,MEDICINE FOR CURE,MEDICINE FOR HEART ATTACK,FOR CANCER PATIENTS,MEDICINE IN EMERGENCY,MEDICINE FOR SURVIVAL,MEDICINE FOR HOSPITALS,MEDICINE FOR BABY'S,MEDICINE DURING PREGNANCY.MEDICINE IN TABLETS,MEDICINE IN SYRUP FORM,MEDICINE MANUFACTURERS,PHARMACEUTICAL & AYURVEDIC,HOMEOPATHIC MEDICINE.
Medicine	its use to loww fever, its we get in hspitals
Medicine	is the science of healing, is something people take to treat a condition
Medicine	science and practice of the diagnosis,treatment,and prevention of disease and surgery
Medicine	health
Medicine	A remedy,bitter one,dont like,a reson to cure.
Medicine	The science of diagnosing, treating, or preventing disease and other damage to the body or mind, The practice of medicine, n agent, such as a drug, used to treat disease or injury
Medicine	
Medicine	any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness
Medicine	any substance or substances used in treating disease or illness.
Medicine	by eating through mouth
Medicine	The science which relates to the prevention, cure, or alleviation of disease.
Medicine	Medicine is the science and art of healing.
Medicine	The science of diagnosing, treating, or preventing disease and other damage to the body or mind.
Medicine	the art or science of restoring or preserving health or due physical condition, as by means of drugs, surgical operations or appliances, or manipulations
Medicine	is curative, is composed of chemicals, is used to treat sickness, is purchased from a pharmacy or other store, is compounded by professionals
Medicine	drugs, treatment for cure,
Medicine	life saving, disease treating, remedy, healing
Medicine	Combination of chemicals to cure  diseases
Medicine	doctor, taste horrible, may make you feel better, can make you feel worse
Medicine	something you take when sick, cure
Medicine	drug
Medicine	anesthetic, antibiotic, antidote, antiseptic, antitoxin, balm, biologic, capsule, cure, dose, drug, elixir, injection, inoculation, liniment, lotion, medicament, ointment, pharmaceutical, pharmacon, physic, pill, potion, prescription, remedy, salve, sedative, serum, tablet, tincture, tonic, vaccination, vaccine
Medicine	used to treat illness, scientifically prepared, cure or prophylactic
Medicine	"Medicine is the science and art of healing. It encompasses a variety of health care practices evolved to maintain and restore health by the prevention and treatment of illness. contemporary medicine applies health science, biomedical research, and medical technology to diagnose and treat injury and disease, typically through medication or surgery, but also through therapies as diverse as psychotherapy, external splints & traction, prostheses, biologics, ionizing radiation and others. The word medicine is derived from the Latin ars medicina, meaning the art of healing.["
Medicine	cures diseases, gives health, improves health
Medicine	are good for health.
Medicine	substance that helps cure, vaccine, alleviate, or prevent illness, vaccination, anesthetic, tonic, antibiotic, tincture, antidote, tablet, antiseptic, sedative, dose, salve, cure, remedy, antitoxin, prescription, elixir, potion, injection, physic, inoculation, pill, lotion, pharmaceutical
Medicine	pills, diseases, doctors, hospitals, medical store, cure, antidote,
Shy	diffident,bashful,behaviour showing lack of confidence,easily frightened away,reluctant
Shy	Easily startled; timid,Drawing back from contact or familiarity with others; retiring or reserved, Marked by reserve or diffidence, Distrustful; wary, Not having paid an amount due, as one's ante in poker,Short; lacking,To move suddenly, as if startled; start,o draw back, as from fear or caution; recoil,A sudden movement, as from fright; a start
Shy	Humans shyness, Girls , Feelings
Shy	introvert, someone that feels uncomfortable around people
Shy	a feeling , to move away , escape , not feeling good , uneasy reaction ,
Shy	Drawing back from contact, easily frightened away, disposed to avoid a person or thing, hesitant in committing oneself
Shy	timid, afraid of the crowd
Shy	Timid and retiring.
Shy	introverted, secretive, will not tell, a deer
Shy	timid, bashful, avoiding, showing fear of, reserved, elusive
Shy	means bashfull, is an adjective, means afraid of people
Shy	diffident, timid, unsure
Shy	"Easily startled; timid.

2.

a. Drawing back from contact or familiarity with others; retiring or reserved.

b. Marked by reserve or diffidence: a shy glance.

3. Distrustful; wary: shy of strangers.

4. Not having paid an amount due, as one's ante in poker.

5. Short; lacking: Eleven is one shy of a dozen.

intr.v. shied (shd), shy·ing, shies (shz)

1. To move suddenly, as if startled; start.

2. To draw back, as from fear or caution; recoil.

n. pl. shies (shz)

A sudden movement, as from fright; a start"
Shy	"""Shy"" redirects here. For other uses, see Shy (disambiguation).



In humans, shyness (also called diffidence) is a social psychology term used to describe the feeling of apprehension, lack of comfort, or awkwardness experienced when a person is in proximity to, approaching, or being approached by other people, especially in new situations or with unfamiliar people. Shyness may come from genetic traits, the environment in which a person is raised and personal experiences. There are many degrees of shyness. Stronger forms are usually referred to as social anxiety or social phobia. Shyness may merely be a personality trait or can occur at certain stages of development in children. Shyness has also a strong cultural dimension.



In biology, shy generally means ""tends to avoid human beings""; See crypsis. Shyness in gorillas manifests with ostensibly similar behavioral traits, but differs wholly from humans in cognition and motivation.[citation needed]

Contents

 [hide] 



    1 Triggers, traits and misperception

        1.1 Complications

    2 Origins

        2.1 Genetics and heredity

        2.2 As symptom of mercury poisoning

    3 Shyness as pathology

    4 See also

    5 References

    6 Further reading

    7 External links



[edit] Triggers, traits and misperception



Shyness is most likely to occur during unfamiliar situations, though in severe cases it may hinder an individual in his or her most familiar situations and relationships as well. Admitting feelings may become difficult for the individual. Shy people avoid the objects of their apprehension in order to keep from feeling uncomfortable and inept; thus, the situations remain unfamiliar and the shyness perpetuates itself. Shyness may fade with time; e.g., a child who is shy towards strangers may eventually lose this trait when older and more socially adept. This often occurs by adolescence or young adulthood (generally around the age of 13). In some cases, though, it may become an integrated, life-long character trait. Humans experience shyness to different degrees and in different areas. For example, an actor may be loud and bold on stage, but shy in an interview. In addition, shyness may manifest when one is in the company of certain people and completely disappear when with others— one may be outgoing with friends and family, but experience love-shyness toward potential partners, even if strangers are generally not an obstacle.



The condition of true shyness may simply involve the discomfort of difficulty in knowing what to say in social situations, or may include crippling physical manifestations of uneasiness. Shyness usually involves a combination of both symptoms, and may be quite devastating for the sufferer, in many cases leading them to feel that they are boring, or exhibit bizarre behavior in an attempt to create interest, alienating them further. Behavioral traits in social situations such as smiling, easily producing suitable conversational topics, assuming a relaxed posture and making good eye contact, which come spontaneously for the average person[citation needed], may not be second nature for a shy person. Such people might only affect such traits by great difficulty, or they may even be impossible to display. Shyness is considered to be a neutral personality trait by people who are not shy, but a very negative trait by those who are shy themselves[citation needed]. In fact, those who are shy are actually perceived more negatively because of the way they act towards others. Shy individuals are often distant during conversations, which may cause others to create poor impressions of them, simply adding to their shyness in social situations.

[edit] Complications



The term shyness may be implemented as a lay blanket-term for a family of related and partially overlapping afflictions, including timidity (apprehension in meeting new people), bashfulness and diffidence (reluctance in asserting oneself), apprehension and anticipation (general fear of potential interaction), or intimidation (relating to the object of fear rather than one's low confidence).[1] Apparent shyness, as perceived by others, may simply be the manifestation of reservation or introversion, character traits which cause an individual to voluntarily avoid excessive social contact or be terse in communication, but are not motivated or accompanied by discomfort, apprehension, or lack of confidence.



Rather, according to Bernardo J. Carducci, director of the Shyness Research Institute, introverts choose to avoid social situations because they derive no reward from them, or may find surplus sensory input overwhelming. Conversely, shy people may fear such situations and feel that they ""should"" avoid them. [2] Shy people tend to perceive their own shyness as a negative trait, and many people are uneasy with shyness in others, especially in cultures which value individuality and taking charge.[citation needed] This generally poor reception of shyness may be misinterpreted by the suffering individual as aversion related to his or her personality, rather than simply to his or her shyness. Both conditions can lead to a compounding of a shy individual's low self-confidence.



In cultures that value outspokenness and overt confidence, shyness can be perceived as weakness.[citation needed] To an unsympathetic observer, a shy individual may be mistaken as cold, distant, arrogant or aloof, which can be frustrating for the shy individual.[citation needed] However in other cultures, shy people may be perceived as being thoughtful, intelligent, as being good listeners, and as being more likely to think before they speak[citation needed]. Furthermore, boldness, the opposite of shyness, may cause its own problems, such as impertinence or inappropriate behavior.

[edit] Origins



The initial causes of shyness vary. Scientists have located some genetic data that supports the hypothesis that shyness is at least partially genetic. However, there is also evidence that the environment in which a person is raised can affect his or her shyness. This includes child abuse, particularly emotional abuse such as ridicule. Shyness can originate after a person has experienced a physical anxiety reaction; at other times, shyness seems to develop first and then later causes physical symptoms of anxiety. Shyness differs from social anxiety, which is a broader, often depression-related psychological condition including the experience of fear, apprehension or worrying about being evaluated by others in social situations to the extent of inducing panic.

[edit] Genetics and heredity



The genetics of shyness is a relatively small area of research that has been receiving an even smaller amount of attention, although papers on the biological bases of shyness date back to 1988. Some research has indicated that shyness and aggression are related—through long and short forms of the gene DRD4, though considerably more research on this is needed. Further, it has been suggested that shyness and social phobia (the distinction between the two is becoming ever more blurred) are related to obsessive-compulsive disorder. As with other studies of behavioral genetics, the study of shyness is complicated by the number of genes involved in, and the confusion in defining, the phenotype. Naming the phenotype – and translation of terms between genetics and psychology — also causes problems. In some research, ""behavioral inhibition"" is studied, in others anxiety or social inhibition is. One solution to this problem is to study the genetics of underlying traits, such as ""anxious temperament.""



Several genetic links to shyness are current areas of research. One is the serotonin transporter promoter region polymorphism (5-HTTLPR), the long form of which has been shown to be modestly correlated with shyness in grade school children.[1] Previous studies had shown a connection between this form of the gene and both obsessive-compulsive disorder and autism.[citation needed] Mouse models have also been used, to derive genes suitable for further study in humans; one such gene, the glutamic acid decarboxylase gene (which encodes an enzyme that functions in GABA synthesis), has so far been shown to have some association with behavioral inhibition.



Another gene, the dopamine D4 receptor gene (DRD4) exon III polymorphism, had been the subject of studies in both shyness and aggression, and is currently the subject of studies on the ""novelty seeking"" trait. A 1996 study of anxiety-related traits (shyness being one of these) remarked that, ""Although twin studies have indicated that individual variation in measures of anxiety-related personality traits is 40-60% heritable, none of the relevant genes has yet been identified,"" and that ""10 to 15 genes might be predicted to be involved"" in the anxiety trait. Progress has been made since then, especially in identifying other potential genes involved in personality traits, but there has been little progress made towards confirming these relationships. The long version of the 5-HTT gene-linked polymorphic region (5-HTTLPR) is now postulated to be correlated with shyness,[1] but in the 1996 study, the short version was shown to be related to anxiety-based traits. This confusion and contradiction does not oppose the genetic basis of personality traits, but does emphasize the amount of research there is still to be done before the bases of even one or two of these characteristics can be identified.

[edit] As symptom of mercury poisoning



Excessive shyness, embarrassment, self consciousness and timidity, social-phobia and lack of self-confidence are also components of erethism, which is a symptom complex that appears in cases of mercury poisoning.[2][3] Mercury poisoning was common among hat makers in England in the 18th and 19th centuries, who used mercury to stabilize wool into felt fabric.

[edit] Shyness as pathology



Shyness as a psychiatric illness made its debut as ""social phobia"" in DSM-III in 1980, but was then described as rare.[citation needed] By 1994, however, when DSM-IV was published, it had become ""social anxiety disorder"" and was now said to be extremely common.[citation needed] This process has been adverted to as a case study of ""disease-mongering"" in psychiatry.[4] One drug company product manager has been quoted as saying, ""Every marketer's dream is to find an unidentified or unknown market and develop it. That's what we were able to do with social anxiety disorder"".[5] On the other hand, the prevalence of social anxiety disorder could easily be underestimated or ignored because many people who fear and avoid social situations would find going to a doctor's office and asking for help extremely difficult."
Shy	Drawing back from contact or familiarity with others,Distrustful,Not having paid an amount due, as one's ante in poker
Shy	lacking confidence in the presence of others ,especially strangers;not wanting to attract attention :He is too shy to go to parties.
Shy	"1.

bashful; retiring.

2.

easily frightened away; timid.

3.

suspicious; distrustful: I am a bit shy of that sort of person.

4.

reluctant; wary.

5.

deficient:"
Shy	bashful, coy, timid, unsocial, quiet
Shy	Easily frightened; timid; as, a shy bird.
Shy	Nervous, Timid in the company of other people, Have a specific dislike, Easily Frightened away, Startled
Shy	seperated, loneliness
Shy	introvert, diffeident, does not mingle
Shy	easily frightened away; timid.
Shy	bashful
Shy	TIMED AND NERVOUS IN COMPANY,SELF CONSCIOUS,AVOID INVOLVEMENT,FLING,THROW.
Shy	bashful; retiring.,easily frightened away; timid,suspicious; distrustful: I am a bit shy of that sort of person,reluctant; wary,a sudden start aside, as in fear..
Shy	every one have this
Shy	stay away, avoid group, not forthright, demure, nervous, limited in interactions
Shy	persons,sometimes negative,cannot be free,not communicative
Shy	used to describe a person who is withdrawn or not outgoing, someone who is easily frightened, having less than the amount needed
Shy	timed and nervous in company
Shy	a feeling, low profile
Shy	introverted, timid,shy
Shy	timid, meek, quiet, not out-going
Shy	in front of people
Shy	afraid, apprehensive, averse, backward, bashful, cautious, chary, circumspect, conscious, coy, demure, diffident, disinclined, distrustful, fearful, hesitant, humble, indisposed, introvert, introverted, loath, loner, modest, nervous, recessive, reluctant, reserved, reticent, retiring, self-effacing, shamefaced, sheepish, shrinking, skittish, suspicious, timid, unassertive, unassured, uneager, uneffusive, unresponsive, unsocial, unwilling, wary
Shy	timid, easy frightened, someone lacking in confidence.
Shy	". 	not at ease in the company of others

2. 	easily frightened; timid

3. 	( often foll by  of ) watchful or wary

4. 	poker  (of a player) without enough money to back his bet

5. 	(of plants and animals) not breeding or producing offspring freely

6. 	informal chiefly  ( US ), ( Canadian ) ( foll by  of ) short (of)

7. 	( in combination ) showing reluctance or disinclination: workshy"
Shy	Nervous or timid in the company of other people
Shy	nervous
Shy	hesitation, female
Shy	TIMID, BASHFUL NERVOUS, MODEST
Shy	with inferiority complex
Shy	shamefull
Shy	neglecting things wanted due to discomfort
Shy	a show of timidness
Shy	unreserved, afraid, un shy, unashamed, bashful, wary, averse, unsocial, cautious, coy, circumspect, unassured, unresponsive, uneager, demure, distrustful, diffident, introverted, nervous, modest, introverted, nervous, loner, shame faced, sheepish
Shy	timid
Shy	lacking confidence
Shy	"1.

bashful; retiring.

2.

easily frightened away; timid.

3.

suspicious; distrustful: I am a bit shy of that sort of person.

4.

reluctant; wary.

5.

deficient: shy of funds."
Shy	self -conscious,throw
Shy	feeling of apprehension, lack of comfort, awkwardness
Shy	"In humans, shyness (also called diffidence) is a social psychology term used to describe the feeling of apprehension, lack of comfort, or awkwardness experienced when a person is in proximity to, approaching, or being approached by other people, especially in new situations or with unfamiliar people. Shyness may come from genetic traits, the environment in which a person is raised and personal experiences. There are many degrees of shyness. Stronger forms are usually referred to as social anxiety or social phobia. Shyness may merely be a personality trait or can occur at certain stages of development in children. Shyness has also a strong cultural dimension.

In biology, shy generally means ""tends to avoid human beings""; See crypsis. Shyness in gorillas manifests with ostensibly similar behavioral traits, but differs wholly from humans in cognition and motivation."
Shy	lack of comfort, awkwardness,is related to humans,state of under confidence
Shy	bashful, suspicious ( I am a bit shy of that sort of person), deficient ( shy of funds.), (in poker) indebted to the pot ,
Shy	bashful, introverted, not outgoing, solitary
Shy	tends to avoid human beings,timid,disposed to avoid person or thing,awkwardness,apprehension,retiring,reserved,Distrustful,wary.
Shy	Shy describes someone who lacks in confidence or who is nervous or quiet in social situations
Shy	Shy:-retiring, timorous, bashful, modest, demure, diffident .
Shy	Shy describes someone who lacks in confidence or who is nervous or quiet in social situations,An example of shy is a person who stands by herself at the back wall of a party and is too frightened to talk to anyone.Shy means refraining from doing something, often out of fear or nervousness,retiring, timorous, bashful, modest, demure, diffident; see also humble
Cracker	a dry biscuit, a firework that cracks,to cause to make a sudden sound,to break or snap apart
Cracker	explosive device, large amount of noise, firecracker
Cracker	it is mental,it is bursting things producing heat,it is thefting another things,it is negative thinking person,it is a thing and thinks.
Cracker	a fire cracker
Cracker	A thin crisp wafer or biscuit, A firecracker, a person or thing that cracks, One who makes unauthorized use of a computer, especially to tamper with data or programs.
Cracker	"Crunchy savoury biscuit. 

Christmas cracker  to pull at christmas."
Cracker	a thin or crisp biscuit, a firecracker, braggart, boaster, a person or thing that cracks,
Cracker	a thing, crisp biscuit, a firecracker, also called cracker bonbon, a small paper roll used as a party favor, that usually contains candy, trinkets, etc., and that pops when pulled sharply at one or both ends, a poor white person living some rural parts of the southeastern U.S.  Sometimes disparaging and offensive, a native or inhabitant of Georgia used as a nickname.
Cracker	"1.

a thin, crisp biscuit.

2.

a firecracker.

3.

Also called cracker bonbon. a small paper roll used as a party favor, that usually contains candy, trinkets, etc., and that pops when pulled sharply at one or both ends.

4.

( initial capital letter ) Sometimes Disparaging and Offensive . a native or inhabitant of Georgia (used as a nickname)."
Cracker	snack food, crispy crunchy, usually eating with something else on top of it, like cheese for example.
Cracker	"A thin crisp wafer or biscuit, usually made of unsweetened dough.

2. One that cracks, especially:

a. A firecracker.

b. A small cardboard cylinder covered with decorative paper that holds candy or a party favor and pops when a paper strip is pulled at one or both ends and torn.

c. The apparatus used in the cracking of petroleum.

d. One who makes unauthorized use of a computer, especially to tamper with data or programs.

3. Offensive

a. Used as a disparaging term for a poor white person of the rural, especially southeast United States.

b. Used as a disparaging term for a white person."
Cracker	a slave driver, whip thrower,
Cracker	"Cracker may refer to:

Cracker (food), a type of biscuit, usually salted or savory edible

Cracker (mountain), a mountain peak in Glacier National Park

Cracker (benchmark), located in the Lewis Range, Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana

Christmas cracker, traditional British Christmas toy or decoration which gives a loud 'crack' when opened

Atlanta Crackers, an American baseball team from Atlanta, Georgia

Cracker (pejorative), a slang, sometimes abusive term for a Southern white person

Florida cracker, a Florida native descended from early pioneer settlers

Georgia cracker, a Georgia native descended from early pioneer settlers

Hamadryas (butterfly), a genus of brush-footed butterflies commonly called the Crackers, Calicoes, or Clicks

Cracking (chemistry), the process whereby complex organic molecules are broken down into simpler molecules

a term for wafer-style Sacramental bread

a short length of twisted twine or string attached to the end of a whip to produce a cracking sound

a firecracker, a small explosive device primarily designed to produce a large amount of noise, especially in the form of a loud bang; any visual effect is incidental to this goal

a device used to open small compressed gas cartridges such as whipped-cream chargers

a person who performs safe-cracking

Atlanta Black Crackers, a professional baseball team which played in the Negro League

Operation Crackers, a British Commando raid during the Second World War

In computing



In computing, a hacker who breaks or circumvents security, including:

computer security hacker, that is, someone who breaks into computers, regardless of intent. Used by computer programming hackers to stress the differences between the two occupations and philosophies.

black-hat hacker, that is, someone who breaks into computers with malicious or criminal intentions. Used by white hat computer security hackers to stress the difference in ethics.

software cracker, someone who modifies software to remove or disable copy protection and digital rights management features

password cracker, someone who recovers encrypted passwords from data that has been stored in or transmitted by a computer system or associated to accounts as a measure for restricting access to a computer.

In entertainment



Cracker (band), a rock music band

Cracker (album), their first album

Cracker (comics), a British children's comic

Cracker (UK TV series), a television crime drama series

Cracker (U.S. TV series), the U.S. remake of the British television series

Crackers (1984 film), an American film starring Sean Penn

Crackers (1998 film), an Australian film

The Crackers, a 1968 pseudonym of the band The Merseybeats

Sonic Crackers, an April 1994 prototype version of what would become Knuckles' Chaotix

Crackers (Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends)

Crackers International, an EP released by Erasure in 1988, in between the albums The Innocents and Wild!

Crackers (Captain Underpants)

Crackers – The Christmas Party Album, an album by the British glam rock band Slade

Crackers – Accountant., may have been killed by Jennings for killing Adam the parrot."
Cracker	Fire work,Crackling ,Cry, Break, Stunning
Cracker	A cylinder shape of hollow tube usually containing a small gift and joke.To open they must be pulled apart letting off a slight BANG
Cracker	breaker, fracture
Cracker	One that cracks
Cracker	is edible, is dry and thin, is a kind of biscuit
Cracker	Cracker:-wafer, soda cracker, oyster cracker,  cream cracker, hardtack, sea biscuit, cookie
Cracker	firecracker, cookie, one who boasts, biscuit, chemical factory
Cracker	A thin biscuit, usually crisp, rarelysweet.An offensive term used to describe or refer to white people
Cracker	cracker bonbon, snapper, banger, firecracker, redneck
Cracker	Something that explodes or crumbles, something that is crisp
Cracker	cracker, snapper, firecracker, cracker bonbon, banger, redneck, sound, festivals, celebration
Cracker	crisp biscuit
Cracker	burst, festival
Cracker	Fiery flower,a festival,fir for joy.
Cracker	diwali,light,sound,pollution,burst,happiness,celebration.
Cracker	one which burst with sound when lit
Cracker	a thin, crisp biscuit
Cracker	redneck, biscuit, eat with cheese
Cracker	a thin, crisp biscuit.
Cracker	"Cracker may refer to:



    Cracker (food), a type of biscuit, usually salted or savory edible

    Cracker (mountain), a mountain peak in Glacier National Park

        Cracker (benchmark), located in the Lewis Range, Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana

    Christmas cracker, traditional British Christmas toy or decoration which gives a loud 'crack' when opened

    Atlanta Crackers, an American baseball team from Atlanta, Georgia

    Cracker (pejorative), a slang, sometimes abusive term for a Southern white person

        Florida cracker, a Florida native descended from early pioneer settlers

        Georgia cracker, a Georgia native descended from early pioneer settlers

    Hamadryas (butterfly), a genus of brush-footed butterflies commonly called the Crackers, Calicoes, or Clicks

    Cracking (chemistry), the process whereby complex organic molecules are broken down into simpler molecules

    a term for wafer-style Sacramental bread

    a short length of twisted twine or string attached to the end of a whip to produce a cracking sound

    a firecracker, a small explosive device primarily designed to produce a large amount of noise, especially in the form of a loud bang; any visual effect is incidental to this goal

    a device used to open small compressed gas cartridges such as whipped-cream chargers

    a person who performs safe-cracking

    Atlanta Black Crackers, a professional baseball team which played in the Negro League

    Operation Crackers, a British Commando raid during the Second World War



[edit] In computing



    In computing, a hacker who breaks or circumvents security, including:

        computer security hacker, that is, someone who breaks into computers, regardless of intent. Used by computer programming hackers to stress the differences between the two occupations and philosophies.

        black-hat hacker, that is, someone who breaks into computers with malicious or criminal intentions. Used by white hat computer security hackers to stress the difference in ethics.

        software cracker, someone who modifies software to remove or disable copy protection and digital rights management features

        password cracker, someone who recovers encrypted passwords from data that has been stored in or transmitted by a computer system or associated to accounts as a measure for restricting access to a computer.



[edit] In entertainment



    Cracker (band), a rock music band

        Cracker (album), their first album

    Cracker (comics), a British children's comic

    Cracker (UK TV series), a television crime drama series

    Cracker (U.S. TV series), the U.S. remake of the British television series

    Crackers (1984 film), an American film starring Sean Penn

    Crackers (1998 film), an Australian film

    The Crackers, a 1968 pseudonym of the band The Merseybeats

    Sonic Crackers, an April 1994 prototype version of what would become Knuckles' Chaotix

    Crackers (Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends)

    Crackers International, an EP released by Erasure in 1988, in between the albums The Innocents and Wild!

    Crackers (Captain Underpants)

    Crackers – The Christmas Party Album, an album by the British glam rock band Slade

    Crackers – Accountant., may have been killed by Jennings for killing Adam the parrot."
Cracker	is something that when lit produces light and/or sound, and is used to celebrate special occasions.
Cracker	cracker (noun) a decorated paper cylinder which, when pulled apart, makes a sharp noise and releases a small toy
Cracker	Firework,Pyrotechnic,Bursting of firecrackers,Lighting up of festival season,Dry biscuits,Snack item.
Cracker	is a dry biscuit,  a firework that cracks
Cracker	able, ace, adept, best, capital, choice, crackerjack, deluxe, elite, excellent, expert, first-class, handpicked, pro, proficient, skilled, skillful, superior, talented
Cracker	salty, with soup, buttered, graham snack
Cracker	which produce sound by lighting
Cracker	soda crackers, crispy
Cracker	something that burst suddenly, makes big noise, packet of gun powder,
Cracker	matches
Cracker	cracker, snapper, firecracker,a programmer who cracks computers,a party favor consisting of a paper roll that pops when pulled at both ends
Cracker	a Firework that explode, a Person or thing that crack something,
Cracker	"a thin, crisp biscuit,a firecracker.

3.

Also called cracker bonbon. a small paper roll used as a party favor, that usually contains candy, trinkets, etc,Disparaging and Offensive ,wild; crazy."
Cracker	"1.

a thin, crisp biscuit.

2.

a firecracker.

3.

Also called cracker bonbon. a small paper roll used as a party favor, that usually contains candy, trinkets, etc., and that pops when pulled sharply at one or both ends.

4.

( initial capital letter ) Sometimes Disparaging and Offensive . a native or inhabitant of Georgia (used as a nickname).

5.

Slang: Disparaging and Offensive . a poor white person living in some rural parts of the southeastern U.S."
Cracker	one that crack,especially
Cracker	It is chemical product. It produces colorful light with sound when ignited. it is mostly fired during festival time or when you want to express happiness
Cracker	paper cylinder pulled apart,esp.at christmas,with a sharp noise and releasing a hat,joke,etc.
Cracker	a thin crisp biscuit, a small exploding firework:fire crackers.
Cracker	a salty biscuit, baked, make out of flour
Cracker	firework,biscuit
Cracker	A thin crisp wafer or biscuit, usually made of unsweetened dough,One that cracks, especially
Cracker	a person or device that cracks
Cracker	a crispt material that can be added to various soups or eaten with cheese or simply by itself
Cracker	One who, or that which, cracks.
Cracker	a thin crisp biscuit or a firecracker
Cracker	creates noise pollution
Cracker	"a thin, crisp biscuit.

2.

a firecracker.

3.

Also called cracker bonbon. a small paper roll used as a party favor, that usually contains candy, trinkets, etc., and that pops when pulled sharply at one or both ends.

4.

( initial capital letter ) Sometimes Disparaging and Offensive . a native or inhabitant of Georgia (used as a nickname).

5.

Slang: Disparaging and Offensive . a poor white person living in some rural parts of the southeastern U.S."
Guilt	feeling very bad about something. usually because one did something bad
Guilt	Guilt, guilt trip, guilty conscience, guilt feelings, guiltiness
Guilt	the feeling of responsibilty for an offense,
Guilt	guilt (noun) The fact of having committed a specified or implied offence or crime
Guilt	shamed, shamefaced
Guilt	fault, responsible, blame
Guilt	Miserable feeling when you know you are wrong, conviction for wrongdoing, responsibility for criminal action, emotional response to causing discomfort or pain to others, self punishment, shame
Guilt	Guilt is the obligation of a person who has violated a moral standard to bear the sanctions imposed by that moral standard
Guilt	A feeling,a shame,unable to face others.
Guilt	mistake
Guilt	Fault, responsibility, blame, culpability, guiltiness
Guilt	shame, feelings of being responsible, someone who committed a crime
Guilt	COMMISSION OF AN OFFENSE, EMOTIONAL EXPERIENCE, OBLIGATION OF PERSON VIOLATED MORAL OFFENSE
Guilt	Guilt:-culpability, blame, error, fault, lapse, slip, crime, sin, offense, answerability, liability
Guilt	The fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense,Responsibility for a mistake or error,Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong,
Guilt	feeeling of doubt, unsure, anxiety
Guilt	means feeling responsible the mistake
Guilt	Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong.
Guilt	shame, feel bad, sin, did wrong
Guilt	conduct involving the commission of such crimes
Guilt	culpability
Guilt	obligation of a person
Guilt	the state of having done a wrong or committed an offense
Guilt	culpability
Guilt	fact of having committed a specified or implied offence
Guilt	feeling bad about something you did, the opposite of innocence, to appeal to someone's conscience to get them to do something
Guilt	blameworthiness,contrition,crime, criminality, culpability, delinquency, dereliction,disgrace, dishonor,error,failing,fault,indiscretion, infamy,iniquity,lapse,liability, malefaction,malfeasance, malpractice, misbehavior, misconduct,
Guilt	the fact or state of having committed an offense, crime, violation, or wrong, especially against moral or penal law; culpability,a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong, etc., whether real or imagined,conduct involving the commission of such crimes, wrongs.
Guilt	a sense of your conscience. feeling shame for something you have done.
Guilt	hits conscious.
Guilt	fault , blame , guiltiness, remorse, shame, blame, culpability.
Guilt	feeling,living,false,life.
Guilt	mastake.
Guilt	The criminality and consequent exposure to punishment resulting from willful disobedience of law, or from morally wrong action; the state of one who has broken a moral or political law; crime; criminality; offense against right.
Guilt	a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong.
Guilt	"1.

the fact or state of having committed an offense, crime, violation, or wrong, especially against moral or penal law; culpability: He admitted his guilt.

2.

a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong, etc., whether real or imagined.

3.

conduct involving the commission of such crimes, wrongs, etc.: to live a life of guilt."
Guilt	When you know you have done something wrong
Guilt	guilt feelings, guilt trip, guilty conscience, guiltiness
Guilt	a sence of shame..the state of having done wrong.
Guilt	Remorse for having hurt someone else or being dishonest the emotion of regret. The blame for a misdeed, opposite if innocence
Guilt	terrible feeling, conscience, will make you sad or depressed
Guilt	is a sense of sadness for doing something wrong
Guilt	a feeling which is bad, impurity, a sense of comitting some sin, responsible of wrong doind
Guilt	regret of actions, feel bad, is sorry
Guilt	blame, contrition, crime, culpability, disgrace, error, fault, infamy, lapse, malefaction, malpractice, regret, responsibility, self-reproach, sin, slip, stigma, transgression, wrong, moral conditions, culpability, misconduct, offense, felony, enormity, break, to blame, lapse, failure
Guilt	Responsible for a reprehensible act,Found to have violated a criminal law by a jury or judge
Guilt	"1.

the fact or state of having committed an offense, crime, violation, or wrong, especially against moral or penal law; culpability: He admitted his guilt.

2.

a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong, etc., whether real or imagined.

3.

conduct involving the commission of such crimes, wrongs, etc"
Guilt	an emotion, a feeling
Guilt	the fact or state of having committed an offense or crime, conduct involving the commission of such crimes,to cause to feel guilty
Guilt	The fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense, Responsibility for a mistake or error, Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong.
Guilt	is a feeling,kills you,makes you feel as if you have done it,makes people do foolish things,makes you accept your fault,can spoil a relationship.
Guilt	blame; bad conscience over responsibility ,flaw, blot, omission; failing,
Guilt	wrong doing, punishment, sins, feelings, remission
Guilt	feel sorry, remorse
Guilt	sin, crime, fault, misdeed, vice, criminality, guilt, offense, viciousness, delinquency, ill-doing, transgression, wickedness, depravity, immorality, ungodliness, wrong, evil, iniquity, unrighteousness, wrong-doing
Guilt	"the fact or state of having committed an offense, crime, violation, or wrong, especially against moral or penal law; culpability: He admitted his guilt.

2.

a feeling of responsibility or remorse for some offense, crime, wrong, etc., whether real or imagined.

3.

conduct involving the commission of such crimes, wrongs, etc.: to live a life of guilt.

verb (used with object) Informal .

4.

to cause to feel guilty  (often followed by out  or into ): She totally guilted me out, dude. He guilted me into picking up the tab. See also guilt-trip."
Guilt	bad feeling, regret, feeling sorry for something in the past
Guilt	Filling, Offense,  Emotional, Cognitive
Guilt	Guilt is the state of being responsible for the commission of an offense.[1] It is also a cognitive or an emotional experience that occurs when a person realizes or believes—accurately or not—that he or she has violated a moral standard, and bears significant responsibility for that violation.[2] It is closely related to the concept of remorse.
Guilt	"a. The fact of being responsible for the commission of an offense. See Synonyms at blame.

b. Law The fact of having been found to have violated a criminal law; legal culpability.

c. Responsibility for a mistake or error.

2.

a. Remorseful awareness of having done something wrong.

b. Self-reproach for supposed inadequacy or wrongdoing.

tr.v. guilt·ed, guilt·ing, guilts

To make or try to make (someone) feel guilty."
Close	opposite of open, stick together,
Close	shut, to stop or obstruct a gap, to block, to stop or obstruct the entrances, to bring to an end, to come together, to cease to offer the customary activities or services, to terminate the operation, to dispose of completely or liquidate, intimate or confidential, nearly even or equal contest
Close	Close means near and close means To shut
Close	"Close may refer to:

Close (surname)

In music:

""Close"", a song by Rascal Flatts from Unstoppable

""Close"", a song by Soul Asylum from Candy from a Stranger

""Close"", a song by Westlife from Coast to Coast

""Close (to the Edit)"", a song by Art of Noise

Other:

""Close"" (noun pronounced to rhyme with adjectival form of ""close""), a British term for alley or cul-de-sac

""Close"", an ecclesiastical term for lawn next to a cathedral or convent

""Close"", a common stair or entryway in a Scottish tenement

close() – a low level IO function on file descriptor in C programming

Closing (real estate)

close, old English term for an estate, as in a close of land"
Close	STOP UP, SHUT,  BLOCK, UNITE, END, HALT
Close	To stop, or fill up, as an opening
Close	seal something, shut, opposite of open
Close	Being near in space or time, Being near in relationship, Shut in; enclosed, Bound by mutual interests, loyalties, or affections; intimate.
Close	Close
Close	"1.

to put (something) in a position to obstruct an entrance, opening, etc.; shut.

2.

to stop or obstruct (a gap, entrance, aperture, etc.): to close a hole in a wall with plaster.

3.

to block or hinder passage across or access to: to close a border to tourists; to close the woods to picnickers.

4.

to stop or obstruct the entrances, apertures, or gaps in: He closed the crate and tied it up.

5.

(of the mind) to make imperceptive or inaccessible: to close one's mind to the opposite opinion."
Close	is the end of anything
Close	is to come near,are friends to each other,
Close	to shut something
Close	near
Close	closing curtain, finale, stopping point, finis, ending, conclusion, close, end, finish, last
Close	narrow, location, heart, friends,relation, shut
Close	abutting, across the street, adjacent, adjoining, approaching, around the corner, at hand, contiguous, convenient, give or take a little, handy, hard by, immediate, imminent, impending, in spitting distance, in the ball park, near-at-hand, nearest, nearly, neighboring, next, nigh, proximate, under one's nose, warm
Close	shut, lock, seal, slam
Close	to grapple; engage in close encounter,to put (something) in a position to obstruct an entrance, opening, etc.; shut,to stop or obstruct (a gap, entrance, aperture, etc.): to close a hole in a wall with plaster,to make imperceptive or inaccessible: to close one's mind to the opposite opinion.
Close	to stop or obstruct the entrances.
Close	is to shut something up
Close	faraway, near, away, nearby, detached, abutting, beyond, at hand, across the street, approaching, adjacent, at hand, contiguous, handy, imminent, hard by, near-at-hand, impending, next, in spitting distance, nigh, under one's nose, proximate, nearest
Close	shut, door, stop, door, window
Close	shut, stop, no airflow, no more service
Close	Close refers to how near or far something is, and can address many different facets like physical proximity, emotional attachment.  It can also addressed whether something is the opposite of open.
Close	Close:-1.Near,Intimate ,compact,Stingy ,sticky, stuffy
Close	close (adjective) only a short distance away or apart in space or time
Close	"Close means to seal up, shut off or make something not be open anymore,An example of close is to shut the lid on a laptop.,Close means near or almost.,An example of close is a house that is only one street away from the community pool.   1.



      Near



      neighboring, nearby, adjacent, around the corner; see approaching, imminent, near 1.

   2.



      Intimate



      familiar, dear, close-knit, confidential; see friendly 1, intimate 1, private.

   3.



      Compact



      dense, solid, compressed; see thick 1.

   4.



      Stingy



      narrow, parsimonious, niggardly; see stingy.

   5.



      Stifling



      sticky, stuffy, unventilated, heavy, motionless, fusty, uncomfortable, choky, stale-smelling, musty, stagnant, moldy, confined, suffocating, sultry, sweltering, sweltry, tight, stale, oppressive, breathless.



      Antonyms fresh*, refreshing, brisk.

   6.



      Confining



      confined, cramped, restricted; see confining, narrow 1.

   7.



      Similar



      resembling, having common qualities, much the same; see alike 2, like. See syn. study at familiar, stingy, thick."
Close	"1.

to put (something) in a position to obstruct an entrance, opening, etc.; shut.

2.

to stop or obstruct (a gap, entrance, aperture, etc.): to close a hole in a wall with plaster.

3.

to block or hinder passage across or access to: to close a border to tourists; to close the woods to picnickers.

4.

to stop or obstruct the entrances, apertures, or gaps in: He closed the crate and tied it up.

5.

(of the mind) to make imperceptive or inaccessible: to close one's mind to the opposite opinion."
Close	is not open, almost there, near, not far
Close	near in relationship :a close friend....a close contest;the result was close.
Close	Being near in space or time, Shut, to bring to an end,to block entry, a song by Rascal Flatts
Close	Finished,Shut,End,Barrier,Near,Affinity.
Close	is being near to something,
Close	near, nearby,
Close	shutdowns,finished,over,the end,shut up,is negative,is endgame,get out.
Close	near, approach
Close	to shut down , to end something , to pack off ,to finish
Close	End, Closed, Leave
Close	to shut
Close	near, nearby, shut, latch, end
Close	closing curtain, finale, finis, closing, conclusion
Close	
Close	shut, seal, wind up
Close	"Being near in space or time. See Usage Note at redundancy.

2. Being near in relationship: close relatives.

3. Bound by mutual interests, loyalties, or affections; intimate: close friends.

4. Having little or no space between elements or parts; tight and compact: a close weave.

5. Being near the surface; short: a close haircut.

6. Being on the brink of: close to tears.

7. Decided by a narrow margin; almost even: a close election.

8. Faithful to the original: a close copy.

9. Rigorous; thorough: close attention; close supervision.

10. Shut; closed"
Close	close their eyes
Close	Closing, End, Final, Finishing
Close	To stop, or fill up, as an opening; to shut; as, to close the eyes; to close a door.
Close	near
Close	near , tight,intimate
Close	situated at a short distance or interval
Close	shut down
Close	Being near in space or time,Being near in relationship
Close	is an action, is what you do with a door, means to shut something, is a verb
Close	near, lock, about to happen, friendship
Close	when a business is not open for business
Close	Shut,cover up,not shown openly,inner heart,
Close	shut
Close	to stop one work, stop the work of shop etc after timing
Close	near, shut the door, yard outside a house, bang, stuffy
Soda	beverage, carbonated water, fizzy drink
Soda	a beverage and a chemical, used for taste, preservative
Soda	Carbon-die-oxide,for digestion,a relief drink,sometimes with alcohol.
Soda	pop, coke, drink, refreshment, bubbly
Soda	bubbly, drink, related to softdrinks, sweet
Soda	have water+salt
Soda	softdrinks , carbonated drinks
Soda	a kind of drink
Soda	drinks
Soda	Any of various forms of sodium carbonate, Chemically combined sodium, A refreshment made from carbonated water, ice cream, and usually a flavoring
Soda	It is a chemical mixed with water can drink through mouth
Soda	CARBONATED WATER, BEVERAGE PRODUCT, SODIUM CARBONATE, SALTINE
Soda	non-alcoholic beverage
Soda	sodium hydroxide.
Soda	"A soft drink (also called soda, pop, coke,[1] soda pop, fizzy drink, tonic, or carbonated beverage) is a non-alcoholic beverage that typically contains water (often, but not always carbonated water), a sweetener, and a flavoring agent. The sweetener may be sugar, high-fructose corn syrup, or a sugar substitute (in the case of diet drinks).

A soft drink may also contain caffeine or fruit juice, or both.

Examples of beverages not considered to be soft drinks are: pure juice, hot chocolate, tea, coffee, milk, and milkshakes. Beverages like Gatorade and Powerade may meet the definition of a soft drink but are usually called sports drinks.

Soft drinks are called ""soft"" in contrast to ""hard drinks"" (alcoholic beverages). Small amounts of alcohol may be present in a soft drink, but the alcohol content must be less than 0.5% of the total volume[2][3] if the drink is to be considered non-alcoholic.[4]

Widely sold soft drink flavors are cola, lemon-lime, root beer, orange, grape, vanilla, ginger ale, fruit punch, and sparkling lemonade.

Soft drinks may be served chilled or at room temperature. They are rarely heated."
Soda	water, gas water, water filled with carbon dioxide, stops thirst, gives cool, soda water
Soda	a drink, a compound of sodium, soda water, is liquid
Soda	carbonated water, water in which carbon dioxide gas is dissolved, used for making soft drinks, used along with whiskey or rum.
Soda	is a drink, is a liquid, is carbonated, is sugary, is artificially flavoured
Soda	soft drink,sodium carbonate,soda will drink for digest or vomiting problem.
Soda	Soft drink, Salsola soda, soda ash
Soda	Beverage, thirst-quencher, hot drink, cold drink, juice,
Soda	its cool,tasty,refreshing
Soda	an effervescent beverage consisting of water charged with carbon dioxide.
Soda	Any of various forms of sodium carbonate,Chemically combined sodium
Soda	beverage, tonic, drink, seltzer, mixer, pop, carbonated beverage, soda water, carbonated water, soda pop
Soda	sodium as in carbonate of soda, (in faro) the card turned up in the dealing box before one begins to play,
Soda	bubbly, whiskey, bottle, cans, carbonated, bar
Soda	"#



   1. sodium oxide, NaO

   2. sodium bicarbonate

   3. sodium carbonate

   4. sodium hydroxide

soda water,a confection of soda water flavored with syrup, fruit, etc. and served with ice cream in it,in faro, the card turned up in the dealing box before play starts."
Soda	a cool drink
Soda	its soft drinks
Soda	Carbonated water, A sweet Drink, Sodium carbonate, Sodium Bicarbonate is baking soda
Soda	carbonated drink, liquid, drink, gas rich drink
Soda	carbonated water,chemically combined sodium; washing soda
Soda	a carbonated, sugary beverage
Soda	colourless,gas,fizzy,cool,fresh,drink
Soda	drink, mixer, pop, seltzer, tonic
Soda	Carbonated water, also known as "soda water"
Soda	fizzy, carbonated, unhealthy, makes you belch
Soda	soda (noun) Carbonated water (originally made with sodium bicarbonate) drunk alone or mixed with alcoholic drinks
Soda	water with carbon-dioxide stored under pressure, effervescent, bubbly
Soda	Sodium oxide or hydroxide.
Soda	lime
Soda	Cold Drink, Child, Water with gas.
Soda	Beverage, thirst quencher , pickme up, hot drink, cold drink, juice, glass of something.
Soda	beverage,a sweet drink containing carbonated water and flavoring,carbonate of soda, a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and paper,sodium oxide or hydroxide
Soda	drinking water, its makes using carbon die oxide
Soda	drink,white
Soda	has effervescence.
Soda	water which contains many bubbles and it is used for drinking
Soda	"1.

sodium hydroxide.

2.

sodium monoxide.

3.

sodium carbonate

4.

sodium,  as in carbonate of soda.

5.

soda water."
Soda	soda is liquid which is the combination of sodium oxide and NaO
Soda	carbonated beverage
Soda	a liquid drink that is caffinated or not that is consumed for refreshment or with a meal
Soda	It is a liquid obtained by dissolving carbon-di-oxide gas in water at high pressure. that is why it bubbles when you open a soda bottle. it hydrates you instantly
Soda	"1.

sodium hydroxide.

2.

sodium monoxide.

3.

sodium carbonate 

4.

sodium,  as in carbonate of soda.

5.

soda water."
Soda	the name given to several substances formed with sodium , especially one (washing soda or sodium carbonate)in the form of crystals,used for washing, or one(baking soda or sodium bicarbonate)used in baking.
Soda	compound of sodium in common use
Soda	sodium hydroxide,as in carbonate of soda,sodium monoxide.
Soda	"1. 	any of a number of simple inorganic compounds of sodium, such as sodium carbonate ( washing soda ), sodium bicarbonate ( baking soda ), and sodium hydroxide ( caustic soda )

2. 	See soda water

3. 	( US ), ( Canadian ) a fizzy drink

4. 	the top card of the pack in faro

5. 	slang  ( Austral ) a soda  something easily done; a pushover

 

[C16: from Medieval Latin, from sodanum  barilla, a plant that was burned to obtain a type of sodium carbonate, perhaps of Arabic origin]"
Legs	the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.
Legs	leg is a weight bearing and locomotive structure, usually having a columnar shape.
Legs	part of the body that if working, allows you to walk, stand and move properly
Legs	feet, limbs, walk, run
Legs	Part of the body, used to walk and run and complete other actions, help the body to balance, feet are attached at the end, humans have two of these and other species have different numbers of them e.g. dogs have four.
Legs	NEEDS TO BE STRONG
Legs	man have two legs its use to run, etc
Legs	used for walking, crawling ,standing, tall, slender, kicking football, dancing, playing
Legs	A limb or an appendage of an animal, used for locomotion or support.
Legs	legs are part of an animal body, flexible, provide a means of motion, flesh and blood, skin and bone, attach to the human hip, muscled to aid running, swimming and walking, supports for an inanimate body
Legs	A part of a Body, A Limb, One of the lower limbs in Human
Legs	"1.

either of the two lower limbs of a biped, as a human being, or any of the paired limbs of an animal, arthropod, etc., that support and move the body.

2.

Anatomy . the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.

3.

something resembling or suggesting a leg in use, position, or appearance.

4.

the part of a garment that covers the leg: the leg of a stocking; trouser leg.

5.

one of usually several, relatively tall, slender supports for a piece of furniture."
Legs	limbs, gams, thighs, femur, walk
Legs	appendages, organs assist in movement, supporters
Legs	Part of Body, lower limbs, Support to move body
Legs	"Database Program to write reports with leg (SAUS)



Lateral Electronic Guidance System - Automotive engineering



Learning Experience Guides for Nursing Students - Series of films, games, slides, etc.



Legacies (ROG)



Legislative Effort Group System - AMA - Medicine (EDAA)



Lethality End Game Simulation (MCD)



Lighter Electronics Guidance System (MCD)



Lightweight Engine Generator Set (SAUS)





Logistic Engine Generator Set (DWSG"
Legs	can walk
Legs	means knees
Legs	the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.,either of the two lower limbs of a biped, as a human being, or any of the paired limbs of an animal, arthropod, etc., that support and move the body.
Legs	Limbs on which creatures stand and carry themselves, legs of table etc.
Legs	support for body, helps to move, support for furniture
Legs	Last part of the body, Cats has four legs
Legs	two bod parts that allow man or woman or walk
Legs	PERSON OR ANIMAL WALKS OR STAND,WINGS. LARGE BRANCH OF TREES.
Legs	its a human organ to walk or run
Legs	an organ of body used for walking
Legs	support , crutch , strut, prop, buttress, piling
Legs	enable walking,supports weight, long strides, tall, sensual
Legs	Foot, Thai.
Legs	"1.

either of the two lower limbs of a biped, as a human being, or any of the paired limbs of an animal, arthropod, etc., that support and move the body.

2.

Anatomy . the lower limb of a human being from the knee to the ankle.

3.

something resembling or suggesting a leg in use, position, or appearance.

4.

the part of a garment that covers the leg: the leg of a stocking; trouser leg.

5.

one of usually several, relatively tall, slender supports for a piece of furniture"
Legs	part of body, help in walking,even running
Legs	"a. A limb or an appendage of an animal, used for locomotion or support.

b. One of the lower or hind limbs in humans and primates.

c. The part of the limb between the knee and foot in vertebrates.

d. The back part of the hindquarter of a meat animal.

2. A supporting part resembling a leg in shape or function.

3. One of the branches of a forked or jointed object.

4. The part of a garment, especially of a pair of trousers, that covers the leg.

5. Mathematics Either side of a right triangle that is not the hypotenuse.

6. A stage of a journey or course, especially:

a. Nautical The distance traveled by a sailing vessel on a single tack.

b. The part of an air route or a flight pattern that is between two successive stops, positions, or changes in direction.

c. One of several contests that must be successfully completed in order to determine the winner of a competition."
Legs	leguminous plant
Legs	appendage used for support,brace, column, lap, limb, member, part, pile, pole, portion, post, prop, section, segment
Legs	limbs on both humans and animals. They are used for walking
Legs	Legs:used to walk,run,jump,kick,has toes,fingers.
Legs	the limbs used to walk, feet,
Legs	feet
Legs	organs, two
Legs	Something that you walk on, different creatures have different numbers of them.  They can also hold up objects, or instance a table.  Generally long and thin.  Most often made of flesh, metal or wood.
Legs	to walk
Legs	girls beautiful legs
Legs	it is parts of the human body used to walk.
Legs	Legs:-ambulate, ankle, appendage, arm, assist, bayonet legs, boost, bough, bowlegs, branch, break, breast, broken circuit,
Legs	"A leg is a weight bearing and locomotive structure, usually having a columnar shape. During locomotion, legs function as ""extensible struts""[1] - the combination of movements at all joints can be modeled as a single, linear element capable of changing length and rotating about an omnidirectional ""hip"" joint.

As an anatomical animal structure it is used for locomotion. The distal end is often modified to distribute force (such as a foot). Most animals have an even number of legs.

As a component of furniture it is used for the economy of materials needed to provide the support for the useful surface, the table top or chair seat."
Legs	Foot, Human Leg,Robotic leg
Legs	leg (noun) Each of the limbs on which a person or animal walks and stands: | | Each of the supports of a chair, table, or
Legs	for walking, standing or kicking, used by animals and humans to move
Legs	Limbs used for walking. Often attached to feet. A section of a journey.
Legs	Are for standing or walking.
Legs	VERY NEAR TO FALLING DOWN OR COLLAPSING WITH EXHAUSTION ,OLD AGE ETC.
Legs	lower limb of human being
Legs	Legs:is a part of human being,it is used to walk,has bone,lives on ground,has fingers,used to swim,to kick,etc
Legs	limbs, used for walking and other physical activities, part of the skeletal system, for locomotion
Legs	Organs which supports our body it helps us to move around.
Legs	A limb or member of an animal used for supporting the body, and in running, climbing, and swimming; esp., that part of the limb between the knee and foot.
Legs	limb or an appendage of an animal, used for locomotion or support.
Legs	limbs, leg of man, walking with legs, foot, legs of animal
Legs	is a part of body,human and animals has legs,human has two legs,some animals has two and some has four,with legs only we can walk.
Legs	Legs:Is a organs,helping hand,walk,jump,play,has bones,has skin ,has colour.
Sport	action, amusement, athletics, ball, disport, diversion, exercise, frolic, fun, fun and games, gaiety, game, games, pastime, physical activity, picnic, play, pleasure, recreation
Sport	An act,extra curricular,medals,races,feeling free.
Sport	every student and athlete participate
Sport	a formed group of either men and women who compete to see who is the better person or team
Sport	Physical activity governed by a set of rules or customs, often engaged in competitively. A particular form of activity. An activity involving physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs, often undertaking competitively. An active pastime; recreation.
Sport	Games such football, soccer, fishing, baseball, tennis etc. Sometimes teams compete for trophies or money.
Sport	good spirit
Sport	Physical activity that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often engaged in competitively.,A particular form of this activity
Sport	activity such as basketball, volleyball ,
Sport	Physical activity or games.
Sport	is a game,or an event,an exercise
Sport	That which diverts, and makes mirth; pastime; amusement.
Sport	game
Sport	an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, as racing, baseball, tennis, golf, bowling, wrestling, boxing, hunting, fishing, etc.
Sport	A game played,different sports like cricket,hockey,football,basketball,baseball,badminton,ball,bat,racquet.indoor or outdoor,single and involves group of people.
Sport	run around, playing, games, boast, frolic, to enjoy, cavort, fun.
Sport	game you play, people watch it on TV, involves balls and other equipment
Sport	an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature,diversion; recreation,jest, pleasantry ,ridicule,something tossed about like a plaything,a person who behaves in a sportsmanlike, fair, or admirable manner,mutation,to amuse oneself with some pleasant pastime,
Sport	play, energize, win, lose, good at, bad at
Sport	A particular form of this activity, An active pastime; recreation, An object of mockery, jest, or play, A joking mood or attitude.
Sport	football
Sport	game involving physical exercise
Sport	is played, has a lot of different kinds, played all over the world, is interesting, is fun, is exciting, is challenging, competitive, may be played as a team or by individuals
Sport	fitness activity, exercise for the body, competition associated with games, winners and loosers
Sport	a game the people play. usually competitive. the goal is to win
Sport	physical games ,good mood , indicates different games , played by people in group , required equipments to play
Sport	Game, activity, winter sport, team game, hobby
Sport	a game or competitive activity.cricket,football,racing
Sport	athletics, fun, play, mutant, mutation, variation, sportsman, sportswoman, summercater, cavort, disport, frisk, frolic, gambol, lark, lark about, rollick, romp, run around, skylark, boast, feature
Sport	"1.

an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, as racing, baseball, tennis, golf, bowling, wrestling, boxing, hunting, fishing, etc.

2.

a particular form of this, especially in the out of doors.

3.

diversion; recreation; pleasant pastime.

4.

jest; fun; mirth; pleasantry: What he said in sport was taken seriously.

5.

mockery; ridicule; derision: They made sport of him."
Sport	"A sport is a recreational or athletic activity,An example of sport is soccer.,Sport means something used for athletic activities. (adjective)



An example of sport is a drink formulated to supplement the nutritional needs of an athlete.

Sport means to wear, usually something that calls attention. (verb)



An example of sport is to wear red socks with pink shorts.#



Entertainment



diversion, recreation, play, amusement, merrymaking, jollification, festivity, revelry, revel, Saturnalia, carnival, pastime, pleasure, enjoyment; see also entertainment 2, fun, game 1.

#



A joke



raillery, pleasantry, mockery, jest, jesting, mirth, joking, mummery, antics, trifling, tomfoolery, nonsense, jollity, laughter, drollery, escapade, practical joke."
Sport	is a game, is played, has many forms, is athletic in nature
Sport	games, running
Sport	is good for health
Sport	activity, workout, game, verses, recreation
Sport	game, physical activity, athelete, skill
Sport	athletics, games, athletes, competition
Sport	A pro or recreational physical activity, often involving a point system
Sport	"a. Physical activity that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often engaged in competitively.

b. A particular form of this activity.

2. An activity involving physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often undertaken competitively.

3. An active pastime; recreation.

4.

a. Mockery; jest: He made sport of his own looks.

b. An object of mockery, jest, or play: treated our interests as sport.

c. A joking mood or attitude: She made the remark in sport.

5.

a. One known for the manner of one's acceptance of rules, especially of a game, or of a difficult situation: a poor sport.

b. Informal One who accepts rules or difficult situations well.

c. Informal A pleasant companion: was a real sport during the trip."
Sport	game, played by teams, usually have referee, indoor and outdoor
Sport	Physical activity, physical exertion and skill that is governed by a set of rules or customs and often undertaken competitively, An active pastime; recreation, A person who lives a jolly, extravagant life, Amorous dalliance; lovemaking,To play or frolic,To joke or trifle
Sport	involves physical activity,good for mental health,good for physical health,necessary for physical fitness,involves competition,some involve team work,one winner and one loser,involve mental exercise,different types of sports for example football,tennis,basketball e.t.c
Sport	its a physical game,many people can play,good exersice,getting prizes
Sport	Physical activity that is governed by a set of rules, to play,recreation,a pleasant companion,frolic
Sport	it a small thing
Sport	A sport is a recreational or athletic activity
Sport	Sport is a form of exercise for the body, sports include cricket, basketball, football, many people follow different types of sports.
Sport	a game, a physical workout, an entertainment
Sport	sport (noun) an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another
Sport	recreation
Sport	Physical events, Physical activity that is governed by a set of rule, an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess
Sport	good for health, competiton
Sport	an athletic activity requiring skill or physical prowess and often of a competitive nature, as racing, baseball, tennis, golf, bowling, wrestling, boxing, hunting, fishing, etc.,a particular form of this, especially in the out of doors,diversion; recreation; pleasant pastime..
Sport	"Sport is all forms of physical activity which, through casual or organised participation, aim to use, maintain or improve physical fitness and provide entertainment to participants. Sport may be competitive, where a winner or winners can be identified by objective means, and may require a degree of skill, especially at higher levels. Hundreds of sports exist, including those for a single participant, through to those with hundreds of simultaneous participants, either in teams or competing as individuals. Some non-physical activities, such as board games and card games are sometimes referred to as sports, but a sport is generally recognised as being based in physical athleticism.

Sports are usually governed by a set of rules or customs. Physical events such as scoring goals or crossing a line first often define the result of a sport. However, the degree of skill and performance in some sports such as diving, dressage and figure skating is judged according to well-defined criteria. This is in contrast with other judged activities such as beauty pageants and body building, where skill does not have to be shown and the criteria are not as well defined.

Records are kept and updated for most sports at the highest levels, while failures and accomplishments are widely announced in sport news. Sports are most often played just for fun or for the simple fact that people need exercise to stay in good physical condition. However, professional sport is a major source of entertainment.

While practices may vary, participants in many sports are expected to display good sportsmanship, and observe standards of conduct such as being respectful of opponents and officials, and congratulating the winner after having lost."
Sport	game, skill, entertainment, stadium, tickets, group of people
Sport	physical activity
Sport	recreational activity, work, entertainment, pleasure, vocation, action, recreation, amusement, play, athletics, picnic, disport, gaiety, ball, physical activity diversion, game, fun, past time, frolic
Sport	An activity with the set of rules,A particular form of activity, Game, A play, Recreation, Group Activity for Exercise
Sport	games or competitions involving physical activities,,she is very keen on sport of all kinds
Sport	running, swimming, jumping, shooting, punching, kicking
Again	Repeat something, do something over
Again	Once more,Furthermore,moreover
Again	another time, more than once
Again	do it repetedly
Again	repeat, do over, retry, one more time, more
Again	once more
Again	Again refers to something that is repeated
Again	repeat
Again	once more, once again, again, over again
Again	re, to do again, copy something, sometimes for improvisation,
Again	once,give,not.
Again	"Again may refer to:

In albums:

Again (Colder album)

Again (Jewelry album)

Again, an album by Alan Stivell

Again (Pnau album), a 2003 album by Pnau

In songs:

""Again"" (1949 song), a popular song written by Lionel Newman and Dorcas Cochran, recorded by many singers

""Again"" (Alice in Chains song)

""Again"" (Faith Evans song)

""Again"" (Flyleaf song)

""Again"" (Janet Jackson song)

""Again"" (Lenny Kravitz song)

""Again"" (Yui song)

""Again"", by Archive from You All Look the Same to Me

""Again"", by Earshot from Two

""Again"", by Jennifer Lopez from This Is Me... Then

""Again"", by Kutless from Kutless

""Again"", by Yui Sakakibara

""Again"", by Shizuka Kudo

In video games:

""Again"" (video game), a 2009 adventure game for the Nintendo DS"
Again	repeat ,working on a work once more , doing something more than one time , loop
Again	means again
Again	repeat, oncemore
Again	once again, once more, over again
Again	is an adverb, Something that is repeated, return to a place
Again	repeat, do things over
Again	once more; another time; anew; in addition,in an additional case or instance; moreover; besides; furthermore,to the same place or person,in an additional case or instance; moreover; besides; furthermore.
Again	"1.

once more; another time; anew; in addition: Will you spell your name again, please?

2.

in an additional case or instance; moreover; besides; furthermore.

3.

on the other hand: It might happen, and again it might not.

4.

back; in return; in reply: to answer again.

5.

to the same place or person: to return again.

Idioms

6.

again and again, with frequent repetition; often: They went over the same arguments again and again.

7.

as much again, twice as much: She earns as much again as I do."
Again	once more or another time
Again	its repeating,its frustrating,its a loop,comes back
Again	To repeat something such as a scenario or situation.
Again	Another time, once more,  Once repeated, Furthermore, On the other hand.
Again	chance to try one more
Again	furthermore
Again	Second time, Once more, Another time
Again	repeat
Again	Again:- afresh, anew, anon, bis, , come again, encore, freshly, newly, once more, one more time, ,, recurrently, reiteratively, repeatedly
Again	Once more, Returning to the previous condition or Situation, Repeated
Again	repeat, second chance, wait for return, frequent occurrence
Again	is another time
Again	once more
Again	repeatedly, afresh, another time, reiteratively, repeated, anew, come again, anew, by and by, bis, anon, encore, one more time, freshly, newly, once more, over, recurrently over and over, lately
Again	A repetition. Once more.
Again	with frequent repetition.
Again	afresh, anew, anon, bis, by and by, come again, encore, freshly, newly, once more, one more time, over, over and over, recurrently, reiteratively, repeatedly
Again	Again is to say something, is a English word, To tell something repeatedly, we use it when we speak etc
Again	more than once, repeating something else
Again	another time, once more, anew, in addition , moreover, besides, furthermore, in return,to the same place or person
Again	something that happens more than once, being repeated
Again	once more, another time, repeat,
Again	One more time.to repeat the same action
Again	"Again may refer to:



In albums:



    Again (Colder album)

    Again (Jewelry album)

    Again, an album by Alan Stivell

    Again (Pnau album), a 2003 album by Pnau



In songs:



    ""Again"" (1949 song), a popular song written by Lionel Newman and Dorcas Cochran, recorded by many singers

    ""Again"" (Alice in Chains song)

    ""Again"" (Faith Evans song)

    ""Again"" (Flyleaf song)

    ""Again"" (Janet Jackson song)

    ""Again"" (Lenny Kravitz song)

    ""Again"" (Yui song)

    ""Again"", by Archive from You All Look the Same to Me

    ""Again"", by Earshot from Two

    ""Again"", by Jennifer Lopez from This Is Me... Then

    ""Again"", by Kutless from Kutless

    ""Again"", by Yui Sakakibara

    ""Again"", by Shizuka Kudo



In video games:



    ""Again"" (video game), a 2009 adventure game for the Nintendo DS"
e wor"	Temperature
Again	Once more; anew,To a previous place, position, or state,Furthermore; moreover,On the other hand,In return; in response,Repeatedly; frequently,another or second time; once more, once more in a previously experienced or encountered place, state, besides, continuously; repeatedly,moreover; furthermore again
Again	again (adverb) another time; once more:
Again	once more, do it second time, repetition
Again	a repetition of an action or process
Again	one more, chance , repeat, amend
Again	once more, another time,anew, in addition
Again	to repeat, to do it once more
Again	And, Again again, Again video game
Again	In return, back; as, bring us word again.
Again	once repeated, in any other place, to a previous place, position, further more, more over.
Again	Repeat,Rewind,Regular,Season,Comeback.
Again	Once more, another time, yet again, over, over again, all over again, for a second time
Again	"A unit of time corresponding approximately to one cycle of the moon's phases, or about 30 days or 4 weeks.

2. Abbr. mo. One of the 12 divisions of a year as determined by a calendar, especially the Gregorian calendar. Also called calendar month.

3. A period extending from a date in one calendar month to the corresponding date in the following month.

4. A sidereal month.

5. A lunar month.

6. A solar month."
Again	REPEAT, same process
Again	repeat, cycle,
Again	once more
Wine	Mauve, lilac, lavender, violet, plum, amethyst
Wine	"1.

the fermented juice of grapes, made in many varieties, such as red, white, sweet, dry, still, and sparkling, for use as a beverage, in cooking, in religious rites, etc., and usually having an alcoholic content of 14 percent or less.

2.

a particular variety of such fermented grape juice: port and sherry wines.

3.

the juice, fermented or unfermented, of various other fruits or plants, used as a beverage, sauce, etc.: gooseberry wine; currant wine.

4.

a dark reddish color, as of red wines.

5.

Pharmacology"
Wine	a particular variety of such fermented grape juice, the fermented juice of grapes, made in many varieties, such as red, white, sweet, dry, still, and sparkling, for use as a beverage, in cooking, in religious rites, etc.
Wine	a kind of drink
Wine	the fermented juice of grapes,  vinum in Pharmacology
Wine	a drinking substance made from grapes used in celebration or just in consumption
Wine	lilac, lavender, violet
Wine	a type of alcoholic drink made from the fermented juice of grapes or other fruit:
Wine	"liquid,colorful,is an alcoholic beverage,for drinking,from fruits



Wine is an alcoholic beverage.



Wine may also refer to:



    Wine (color) or burgundy

    Wine (software), a program that allows Microsoft Windows applications to run under other computer operating systems

    Wine (1913 film), a 1913 film starring Fatty Arbuckle

    Wine (1924 film), a lost film

    WINE (AM), a radio station (940 AM) licensed to Brookfield, Connecticut, United States



People:



    Bobby Wine (born 1938), former Major League Baseball player, coach and manager

    Sherwin Wine (1928–2007), American rabbi

    Toni Wine (born 1947), American songwriter

    Wine (bishop), English bishop"
Wine	is an alcoholic beverage, many different types, fermented grapes, served with a variety of foods and cheeses.
Wine	a particular variety of such fermented grape juice,a dark reddish color, as of red wines,the juice, fermented or unfermented, of various other fruits or plants, used as a beverage, sauce, etc
Wine	drink, brandy
Wine	amaranthine, amethyst, blue-violet, bluish red, color, heliotrope, lavender, lilac, magenta, mauve, mulberry, orchid, periwinkle, perse, plum, pomegranate, reddish blue, violaceous, violet, wine
Wine	fermented grape juice as an aicoholic drink
Wine	a drink made from fermented grapes, comes white, red or pink
Wine	An alcoholic beverage, made from fermented fruit juice, contains aromatic compounds,blue and red colors mixed together,
Wine	christmas, wine bottle, wine brand, wine taste, wine drink, grape wine,
Wine	an alcoholic drink ,made from grapes
Wine	Bottle, India Wine, Coloure Full
Wine	"Wine is an alcoholic beverage, made of fermented fruit juice, usually from grapes.[1] The natural chemical balance of grapes lets them ferment without the addition of sugars, acids, enzymes, or other nutrients.[2] Grape wine is produced by fermenting crushed grapes using various types of yeast. Yeast consumes the sugars in the grapes and converts them into alcohol. Different varieties of grapes and strains of yeasts produce different types of wine.

Wines made from other fruits, such as apples and berries, are usually named after the fruit from which they are produced (for example, apple wine or elderberry wine) and are generically called fruit wine or country wine (not to be confused with the French term vin de pays). Others, such as barley wine and rice wine (i.e., sake), are made from starch-based materials and resemble beer and spirit more than wine, while ginger wine is fortified with brandy. In these cases, the term ""wine"" refers to the higher alcohol content rather than the production process.[3] The commercial use of the English word ""wine"" (and its equivalent in other languages) is protected by law in many jurisdictions.[4]

Wine has a rich history dating back thousands of years, with the earliest known production occurring around 8,000 years ago on the territory of modern-day Georgia.[5][6] It first appeared in the Balkans at about 4500 BC and was very common in ancient Greece, Thrace and Rome. Wine has also played an important role in religion throughout history. The Greek god Dionysus and the Roman equivalent Bacchus represented wine, and the drink is also used in Christian Eucharist ceremonies and the Jewish Kiddush."
Wine	A drink, in bottle, red and black in color, in bottle, with cap, in beverages, liquid type beverage.
Wine	fermented beverage
Wine	drink
Wine	blush, magenta, mulberry, plum crop, grapes, harvest, year, epoch, era, collection, spirits
Wine	mauve, drink, red in color, alcohol
Wine	the fermented juice of grapes, used as an alcoholic beverage and in cooking, religious ceremonies, etc.: wines vary in color (red, white, rose, etc.) and sugar content (sweet, dry, etc.), may be effervescent (sparkling) , and are sometimes strengthened with additional alcohol (fortified)
Wine	"the fermented juice of grapes, made in many varieties, such as red, white, sweet, dry, still, and sparkling, for use as a beverage, in cooking, in religious rites, etc., and usually having an alcoholic content of 14 percent or less.

2.

a particular variety of such fermented grape juice: port and sherry wines.

3.

the juice, fermented or unfermented, of various other fruits or plants, used as a beverage, sauce, etc.: gooseberry wine; currant wine.

4.

a dark reddish color, as of red wines.

5.

Pharmacology . vinum."
Wine	The expressed juice of grapes, esp. when fermented; a beverage or liquor prepared from grapes by squeezing out their juice, and (usually) allowing it to ferment.
Wine	fermented grape juice as an alcoholic drink
Wine	the fermented juice of grapes, made in many varieties.
Wine	drink, grapes, alcohol, red, white, blush
Wine	grape wine
Wine	a particular variety of such fermented grape juice
Wine	is alcoholic, makes a person insane
Wine	the fermented juice of grapes, used as an alcoholic beverage and in cooking, religious ceremonies, etc
Wine	made from grapes, sweet and sour, red or white in colour, fermented grape juice, has alcohol
Wine	a beverage, fermented grape juice, alcohol rich drink
Wine	tastes great
Wine	Drink, alcoholic, white, red, sparkling,grapes
Wine	dinner party, drink, grapes, cheese
Wine	liguid drink, fermented fruit juice such as grapes
Wine	A beverage made of the fermented juice of any of various kinds of grapes, usually containing from 10 to 15 percent alcohol by volume.
Wine	An Alcoholic drink, Drink made from Plants and Fruits, Fermented Juice of various types of grapes, Something that exhilarates
Wine	means hard drink with alcohol
Wine	drink, booze, fuddle,regale, treat
Wine	fermented juice of grapes
Wine	wine (noun) an alcoholic drink made from fermented grape juice. (verb) Entertain someone by offering them drinks
Wine	wine:- drink,party,marriage,alcohol,beer.
Wine	drink, bear, hot drink, grape, alcohol, bar, restaurant, branded, man,
Wine	drink, grapes, burgundy, bottle, racks, furniture, cellar
Wine	fermented juice of grapes,is used to drink,boys will drink for their happiness, its a type of alcohol, we can buy in wine shop,it is made from waste grapes,its a liquid,it is sale in bottle
Wine	fermented grape juice
Wine	lavender, lilac, mauve, violet, plum, amethyst.
Wine	"1.

a. A beverage made of the fermented juice of any of various kinds of grapes, usually containing from 10 to 15 percent alcohol by volume.

b. A beverage made of the fermented juice of any of various other fruits or plants.

2. Something that intoxicates or exhilarates.

3. The color of red wine."
Wine	wine-colored, wine-coloured, vino
Wine	a drink, alcoholic in nature,made from grapes, people often like it
Wine	booze,party,date,royal
Wine	it,s a juice,it is very strong,easy to drink,this is commnly used in celebrations.
Wine	A drink made by fermenting grapes
Wine	liquor made from grapes or other fruits
Owner	one who possesses something
Owner	the person who has possesion of something
Owner	Over all property, Building Owner,  Rich man
Owner	one to whom belongs, he has final say, property disposal, driven
Owner	is a legal professor of a business
Owner	the one having rightful possession of an item, keeper
Owner	a person who has a pet, a person to whom something belongs, a person who has rights to an object or animal
Owner	a person who owns, possessor, holder, proprietor, freeholder, titleholder, landlord ,landlady, master
Owner	boss, proprietor
Owner	One who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title, whether he is the possessor or not.
Owner	one who owns
Owner	is possession holder
Owner	Has something that is theirs, is independent, has the authority
Owner	have lot of money
Owner	rich, landlord
Owner	a person who owns something
Owner	owner of the house, proprietor, boss, car owner,authority, leader, possessor, owner of the house, ownership
Owner	"Ownership is the state or fact of exclusive rights and control over property, which may be an object, land/real estate or intellectual property. Ownership involves multiple rights, collectively referred to as title, which may be separated and held by different parties. The concept of ownership has existed for thousands of years and in all cultures. Over the millennia, however, and across cultures what is considered eligible to be property and how that property is regarded culturally is very different. Ownership is the basis for many other concepts that form the foundations of ancient and modern societies such as money, trade, debt, bankruptcy, the criminality of theft and private vs. public property. Ownership is the key building block in the development of the capitalist socio-economic system.



The process and mechanics of ownership are fairly complex since one can gain, transfer and lose ownership of property in a number of ways. To acquire property one can purchase it with money, trade it for other property, receive it as a gift, steal it, find it, make it or homestead it. One can transfer or lose ownership of property by selling it for money, exchanging it for other property, giving it as a gift, being robbed of it, misplacing it, or having it stripped from one's ownership through legal means such as eviction, foreclosure, seizure or taking. Ownership is self-propagating in that the owner of any property will also own the economic benefits of that property.

Contents

 [hide] 



    1 Types of owners

        1.1 In person

        1.2 Structured ownership entities

            1.2.1 Liability for the group or for others in the group

            1.2.2 Sharing gains

            1.2.3 Sharing use

        1.3 Ownership models

    2 Types of property

        2.1 Personal property

        2.2 Land ownership

        2.3 Corporations and legal entities

        2.4 Intellectual property

        2.5 Chattel slavery

    3 Critical views of ownership

        3.1 Modern Western views

        3.2 Ownership society

        3.3 Vedantic view

    4 See also

    5 References



[edit] Types of owners

[edit] In person



Individuals may own property directly. In some societies only adult men may own property[citation needed]; in other societies (such as the Haudenosaunee), property is matrilinear and passed on from mother to the son[citation needed]. In most societies both men and women can own property with no restrictions and limitations at all.

[edit] Structured ownership entities



Throughout history, nations (or governments) and religious organizations have owned property. These entities exist primarily for other purposes than to own or operate property, hence they may have no clear rules regarding the disposition of their property.



To own and operate property, structures (often known today as legal entities) have been created in many societies throughout history. The differences in how they deal with members' rights is a key factor in determining their type. Each type has advantages and disadvantages derived from their means of recognizing or disregarding (rewarding or not), contributions of financial capital or personal effort.



Cooperatives, corporations, trusts, partnerships, condominium associations are only some of the many varied types of structured ownership; each type has many subtypes. Legal advantages or restrictions on various types of structured ownership have existed in many societies past and present. To govern how assets are to be used, shared or treated, rules and regulations may be legally imposed or internally adopted or decreed.

[edit] Liability for the group or for others in the group



Ownership implies responsibility, for actions regarding the property. A ""legal shield"" is said to exist if the entity's legal liabilities do not get redistributed among the entity's owners or members. An application of this, to limit ownership risks, is to form a new entity to purchase, own and operate each property. Since the entity is separate and distinct from others, if a problem occurs which leads to a massive liability, the individual is protected from losing more than the value of that one property. Many other properties are protected, when owned by other distinct entities.



In the loosest sense of group ownership, a lack of legal framework, rules and regulations may mean that group ownership of property places every member in a position of responsibility (liability) for the actions of each other member. A structured group duly constituted as an entity under law may still not protect members from being personally liable for each others' actions. Court decisions against the entity itself may give rise to unlimited personal liability for each and every member. An example of this situation is a professional partnership (e.g. law practice) in some jurisdictions. Thus, being a partner or owner in a group may give little advantage in terms of share ownership while producing a lot of risk to the partner, owner or participant.

[edit] Sharing gains



At the end of each financial year, accounting rules determine a surplus or profit, which may be retained inside the entity or distributed among owners according to the initial setup intent when the entity was created.



Entities with a member focus will give financial surplus back to members according to the volume of financial activity that the participating member generated for the entity. Examples of this are producer cooperatives, buyer cooperatives and participating whole life policyholders in both mutual and share-capital insurance companies.



Entities with share voting rights that depend on financial capital distribute surplus among shareholders without regard to any other contribution to the entity. Depending on internal rules and regulations, certain classes of shares have the right to receive increases in financial ""dividends"" while other classes do not. After many years the increase over time is substantial if the business is profitable. Examples of this are common shares and preferred shares in private or publicly listed share capital corporations.



Entities with a focus on providing service in perpetuam do not distribute financial surplus; they must retain it. It will then serve as a cushion against losses or as a means to finance growth activities. Examples of this are not-for-profit entities: they are allowed to make profits, but are not permitted to give any of it back to members except by way of discounts in the future on new transactions.



Depending on the charter at the foundation of the entity, and depending on the legal framework under which the entity was created, the form of ownership is determined once and for all time. To change it requires significant work in terms of communicating with stakeholders (member-owners, governments, etc.) and acquiring their approval. Whatever structural constraints or disadvantages exist at the creation thus remain an integral part of the entity. Common in for instance New York City, Hamburg and Berlin in Germany is a form of real estate ownership known as a cooperative (also co-operative or co-op, in German Wohnungsgenossenschaft - apartment co-operative) which relies heavily on internal rules of operation instead of the legal framework governing condominium associations. These ""co-ops"", owning the building for the mutual benefit of its members, can ultimately perform most of the functions of a legally constituted condominium, i.e. restricting use appropriately and containing financial liabilities to within tolerable levels. To change their structure now that they are up and operating would require significant effort to achieve acceptance among members and various levels of government.

[edit] Sharing use



The owning entity makes rules governing use of property; each property may comprise areas that are made available to any and every member of the group to use. When the group is the entire nation, the same principle is in effect whether the property is small (e.g. picnic rest stops along highways) or large such as national parks, highways, ports, and publicly owned buildings. Smaller examples of shared use include common areas such as lobbies, entrance hallways and passages to adjacent buildings.



One disadvantage of communal ownership, known as the Tragedy of the Commons, occurs where unlimited unrestricted and unregulated access to a resource (e.g. pasture land) destroys the resource because of over-exploitation. The benefits of exploitation accrue to individuals immediately, while the costs of policing or enforcing appropriate use, and the losses dues to over exploitation, are distributed among many, and are only visible to these gradually.



In an ideal communist nation the means of production of goods would be owned communally by all people of that nation; the original thinkers did not specify rules and regulations.

[edit] Ownership models



    State ownership - Assets that a state or certain state agency has jurisdiction over in terms of use.

        Government ownership - Assets belonging to a body of government.

        Public property - Assets owned by a government or state that are available for public use to all their constituents.



    Personal ownership - Assets and property belonging to an individual, also known as individual ownership.

    Common ownership - Assets and property that are held in common by all members of society (or non-ownership).

        Communal ownership - Property held in common by a commune.



    Collective ownership - Assets and property that belong to a collective body of people who control their use and collect the proceeds of their operation.

        Private ownership - A subset of collective property whereby a collective group of owners (such as shareholders) own productive property that is used by employees, usually for the purpose of generating a profit.

        Cooperative ownership - Property that is owned by those who operate and use it. Also referred to as social ownership.



[edit] Types of property

[edit] Personal property

Main article: Personal property



Personal property is a type of property. In the common law systems personal property may also be called chattels. It is distinguished from real property, or real estate. In the civil law systems personal property is often called movable property or movables - any property that can be moved from one location or another. This term is used to distinguish property that different from immovable property or immovables, such as land and buildings.



Personal property may be classified in a variety of ways, such as goods, money, negotiable instruments, securities, and intangible assets including choses in action.

[edit] Land ownership

Main article: Real estate



Real estate or immovable property is a legal term (in some jurisdictions) that encompasses land along with anything permanently affixed to the land, such as buildings. Real estate (immovable property) is often considered synonymous with real property, in contrast from personal property (also sometimes called chattel or personalty). However, for technical purposes, some people prefer to distinguish real estate, referring to the land and fixtures themselves, from real property, referring to ownership rights over real estate. The terms real estate and real property are used primarily in common law, while civil law jurisdictions refer instead to immovable property.



In law, the word real means relating to a thing (from Latin reālis, ultimately from rēs, 'matter' or 'thing'), as distinguished from a person. Thus the law broadly distinguishes between real property (land and anything affixed to it) and personal property (everything else, e.g., clothing, furniture, money). The conceptual difference is between immovable property, which would transfer title along with the land, and movable property, which a person would retain title to. (Incidentally, the word real in real estate is not derived from the notion of land having historically been ""royal"" property. The word royal—and its Spanish cognate, real—come from the unrelated Latin word rēgālis 'kingly,' which is a derivative of rēx, meaning 'king.')[citation needed]



With the development of private property ownership, real estate has become a major area of business.

[edit] Corporations and legal entities

Main article: Private property



An individual or group of individuals can own corporations and other legal entities. A legal entity is a legal construct through which the law allows a group of natural persons to act as if it were an individual for certain purposes. Some companies and entities are owned privately by the individuals who registered them with the government while other companies are owned publicly.



Some duly incorporated entities may not be owned by individuals nor by other entities; they exist without being owned once they are created. Not being owned, they cannot be bought and sold. Mutual life insurance companies, credit unions, and cooperatives are examples of this. No person can purchase the company, as their ownership is not legally available for sale, neither as shares nor as a single whole.



A publicly listed company, known as a public company, is owned by any member of the public who wishes to purchase stock in that company rather than by a relatively few individuals. A company that is owned by stockholders who are members of the general public and trade shares publicly, often through a listing on a stock exchange. Ownership is open to anyone who has the money and inclination to buy shares in the company. Owners, however, are generally classified in three groups. Those with 5% Ownerships of the stock usually hold significant sway over the company. Mutual Funds and regular institutions can also own the stock; if they own enough, can are considered as part of the 5% ownership category. Public companies usually are differentiated from privately held companies where the shares are held by a small group of individuals often members of one or a small group of families or otherwise related individuals (or other companies). For a discussion of the British and Irish variant of this type of company, see public limited company.

[edit] Intellectual property

Main article: Intellectual property



Intellectual (IP) property refers to a legal entitlement which sometimes attaches to the expressed form of an idea, or to some other intangible subject matter. This legal entitlement generally enables its holder to exercise exclusive rights of use in relation to the subject matter of the IP. The term intellectual property reflects the idea that this subject matter is the product of the mind or the intellect, and that IP rights may be protected at law in the same way as any other form of property.



Intellectual property laws confer a bundle of exclusive rights in relation to the particular form or manner in which ideas or information are expressed or manifested, and not in relation to the ideas or concepts themselves (see idea-expression divide). It is therefore important to note that the term ""intellectual property"" denotes the specific legal rights which authors, inventors and other IP holders may hold and exercise, and not the intellectual work itself.



Intellectual property laws are designed to protect different forms of intangible subject matter, although in some cases there is a degree of overlap.



    copyright may subsist in creative and artistic works (e.g. books, movies, music, paintings, photographs and software), giving a copyright holder the exclusive right to control reproduction or adaptation of such works for a certain period of time.

    A patent may be granted in relation to an invention that is new, useful and not simply an obvious advancement over what existed when the application was filed. A patent gives the holder an exclusive right to commercially exploit the invention for a certain period of time (typically 20 years from the filing date of a patent application).

    A trademark is a distinctive sign which is used to distinguish the products or services of one business from those of another business.

    An industrial design right protects the form of appearance, style or design of an industrial object (e.g. spare parts, furniture or textiles).

    A trade secret (also known as ""confidential information"") is an item of confidential information concerning the commercial practices or proprietary knowledge of a business.



Patents, trademarks and designs fall into a particular subset of intellectual property known as industrial property.



Like other forms of property, intellectual property (or rather the exclusive rights which subsist in the IP) can be transferred (with or without consideration) or licensed to third parties. In some jurisdictions it may also be possible to use intellectual property as security for a loan.



The basic public policy rationale for the protection of intellectual property is that IP laws facilitate and encourage disclosure of innovation into the public domain for the common good, by granting authors and inventors exclusive rights to exploit their works and invention for a limited period.



However, various schools of thought are critical of the very concept of intellectual property, and some characterise IP as intellectual protectionism. There is ongoing debate as to whether IP laws truly operate to confer the stated public benefits, and whether the protection they are said to provide is appropriate in the context of innovation derived from such things as traditional knowledge and folklore, and patents for software and business methods. Manifestations of this controversy can be seen in the way different jurisdictions decide whether to grant intellectual property protection in relation to subject matter of this kind, and the North-South divide on issues of the role and scope of intellectual property laws.

[edit] Chattel slavery

Main article: Chattel slavery



The living human body is, in most modern societies, considered something which cannot be the property of anyone but the person whose body it is. This is in contradistinction to chattel slavery. Chattel slavery is a type of slavery defined as the absolute legal ownership of a person or persons, including the legal right to buy and sell them. The slaves do not have the freedom to live life as they choose, but as they are instructed by their owners, and their rights may be either severely limited or nonexistent. In most countries, chattel slaves were considered as movable property[citation needed].



Slavery is currently illegal in every country around the world, however, up until the 19th century slavery and ownership of people had existed in one form or another in nearly every society on earth[citation needed]. Notwithstanding the illegality according to codes of law, slavery still exists in various forms today.[1]

[edit] Critical views of ownership

	This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2011)

[edit] Modern Western views



In modern Western popular culture some people (principally among the political left) believe that exclusive ownership of property underlies much social injustice, and facilitates tyranny and oppression on an individual and societal scale. Others (principally among the political right) consider the striving to achieve greater ownership of wealth as the driving factor behind human technological advancement and increasing standards of living. Right-libertarians not only believe that ownership is the driving factor behind human technological advancement and increasing standards of living, but is also necessary for liberty itself.

[edit] Ownership society



Ownership society was a political slogan used by United States President George W. Bush to promote a series of policies aimed to increase the control of individual citizens over health care and social security payments and policies. Critics have claimed that slogan hid an agenda that sought to implement tax cuts and curtail the government's role in health care and retirement saving.

[edit] Vedantic view



The Brahmanist theology called Vedanta believes that ownership arises due to the sense of being separated from the rest of the universe[citation needed]. When one suffers under the illusion that one is separate from the rest of the universe, ownership is one of the ways one may attempt to reconnect with objects. Vedanta believes that ownership is an illusion which persists as long as the belief in separation from the Universe persists. When one understands the fundamental reality that there is only one entity called the Universe, one is freed of the illusion of ownership."
r run"	Communism
Owner	One who owns
Owner	"Of or belonging to oneself or itself: She makes her own clothes.

n.

That which belongs to one: I wanted a room of my own.

v. owned, own·ing, owns

v.tr.

1.

a. To have or possess as property: owns a chain of restaurants.

b. To have control over: For a time, enemy planes owned the skies.

2. To admit as being in accordance with fact, truth, or a claim; acknowledge."
Owner	a person who owns;  possessor; proprietor.
Owner	One who owns,One who has the title or right to possess a thing,Legal heir.
Owner	Person to whom something belongs.
Owner	To have or possess as property,To have control over
Owner	a person who owns;  possessor; proprietor.
Owner	a person who owns something
Owner	possessor, legal purchaser
Owner	the person who own something,
Owner	belonging to an individual, inherent, endemic, peculiar, intrinsic, very own, personal, yours, hers, individual, mine, particular, private, resident, theirs, big  gun, big cheese, head honcho, administrator, master,  leader, head
Owner	Possessor, person or institution that possess a property or item.
Owner	One who owns; a rightful proprietor; one who has the legal or rightful title, whether he is the possessor or not, someone who owns (is legal possessor of) a business
Owner	One who owns, Boss,The Rightful proprietor,One who is legal, Boss
Owner	belonging, relating, or peculiar to oneself or itself
Owner	one that bought something, be it an item or property,
Owner	Owner is a legal guardian of animals, property, material items, responsibility, cares for, and sells.
Owner	is a person who own something, lord, has control over property
Owner	belonging to oneself
Owner	belonging to individual, inherit, resident, theirs,individual, mine, particular,peculiar, personal, private,yours, endemic, own
Owner	owns something like building
Owner	"Ownership is the state or fact of exclusive rights and control over property, which may be an object, land/real estate or intellectual property. Ownership involves multiple rights, collectively referred to as title, which may be separated and held by different parties. The concept of ownership has existed for thousands of years and in all cultures. Over the millennia, however, and across cultures what is considered eligible to be property and how that property is regarded culturally is very different. Ownership is the basis for many other concepts that form the foundations of ancient and modern societies such as money, trade, debt, bankruptcy, the criminality of theft and private vs. public property. Ownership is the key building block in the development of the capitalist socio-economic system.

The process and mechanics of ownership are fairly complex since one can gain, transfer and lose ownership of property in a number of ways. To acquire property one can purchase it with money, trade it for other property, receive it as a gift, steal it, find it, make it or homestead it. One can transfer or lose ownership of property by selling it for money, exchanging it for other property, giving it as a gift, being robbed of it, misplacing it, or having it stripped from one's ownership through legal means such as eviction, foreclosure, seizure or taking. Ownership is self-propagating in that the owner of any property will also own the economic benefits of that property."
Owner	one who owns
Owner	one who owns, proprietor,boss
Owner	a person who owns
Owner	buisnessman, ownership of a thing
Owner	a person who owns,  possessor, proprietor,
Owner	ownes something
Owner	OWNER OF PROPERTY,OWNER BY NAME,OWNER OF SHOP,OWNER OF HOME,OWNER FOR PROFIT,OWNER IN CONTRACT.OWNER OF CAR,VEHICLE OWNER,FACTORY OWNER, BUSINESS OWNER,OWNER'S RISK LIABILITY, PROFIT MARGINS FOR OWNER, OWNER OF RENTAL HOME
Owner	proprietor, possessor, keeper, buyer, purchaser, heir, heiress, co inheritor, joint heir,, legatee, proprietress, landlord, landlady, sharer, partner, titleholder, master, heir-apparent; see also possessor.
Owner	rightful proprietor
Owner	purchaser, manager, boss, in charge of, belongs to
Owner	rightfully possess something
Owner	Person, has possession of something, not a renter
Owner	who owns or possess something
Owner	One who belonging to the property or thing. One who got the right on the materials/things.
Owner	proprietor, possessor
Owner	proprietor, boss,
Owner	proprietor,landlord,holder
Owner	is a human being, a male or female, walks, driver, a baby, live in house, receive money
Owner	amber, auburn, bay, beige, bister, brick, bronze, buff, burnt sienna, chestnut, chocolate, cinnamon, cocoa, coffee, copper, drab, dust, ecru, fawn, ginger, hazel, henna, khaki, mahogany, nut, ochre, puce, russet, rust, sepia, snuff-colored, sorrel, tan, tawny, terra-cotta, toast, umber
Owner	a proprietor. a person who owns.
Eyes	look at , stare at, judgement, gaze at, watch , observe,ogle, eyeball.
Eyes	opinion or judgment,view, watch, appreciation,persuation,point of view,conviction,scrutiny
Eyes	"Eyes are organs that detect light and convert it into electro-chemical impulses in neurons. The simplest photoreceptors in conscious vision connect light to movement. In higher organisms the eye is a complex optical system which collects light from the surrounding environment, regulates its intensity through a diaphragm, focuses it through an adjustable assembly of lenses to form an image, converts this image into a set of electrical signals, and transmits these signals to the brain through complex neural pathways that connect the eye via the optic nerve to the visual cortex and other areas of the brain. Eyes with resolving power have come in ten fundamentally different forms, and 96% of animal species possess a complex optical system.[1] Image-resolving eyes are present in molluscs, chordates and arthropods.[2]



The simplest ""eyes"", such as those in microorganisms, do nothing but detect whether the surroundings are light or dark, which is sufficient for the entrainment of circadian rhythms. From more complex eyes, retinal photosensitive ganglion cells send signals along the retinohypothalamic tract to the suprachiasmatic nuclei to effect circadian adjustment.



Overview

Eye of the wisent,

the European bison



Complex eyes can distinguish shapes and colours. The visual fields of many organisms, especially predators, involve large areas of binocular vision to improve depth perception. In other organisms, eyes are located so as to maximize the field of view, such as in rabbits and horses, which have monocular vision.



The first proto-eyes evolved among animals 600 million years ago about the time of the Cambrian explosion.[3] The last common ancestor of animals possessed the biochemical toolkit necessary for vision, and more advanced eyes have evolved in 96% of animal species in six of the thirty-plus[4] main phyla.[1] In most vertebrates and some molluscs, the eye works by allowing light to enter and project onto a light-sensitive panel of cells, known as the retina, at the rear of the eye. The cone cells (for colour) and the rod cells (for low-light contrasts) in the retina detect and convert light into neural signals for vision. The visual signals are then transmitted to the brain via the optic nerve. Such eyes are typically roughly spherical, filled with a transparent gel-like substance called the vitreous humour, with a focusing lens and often an iris; the relaxing or tightening of the muscles around the iris change the size of the pupil, thereby regulating the amount of light that enters the eye,[5] and reducing aberrations when there is enough light.[6]



The eyes of most cephalopods, fish, amphibians and snakes have fixed lens shapes, and focusing vision is achieved by telescoping the lens—similar to how a camera focuses.[7]



Compound eyes are found among the arthropods and are composed of many simple facets which, depending on the details of anatomy, may give either a single pixelated image or multiple images, per eye. Each sensor has its own lens and photosensitive cell(s). Some eyes have up to 28,000 such sensors, which are arranged hexagonally, and which can give a full 360° field of vision. Compound eyes are very sensitive to motion. Some arthropods, including many Strepsiptera, have compound eyes of only a few facets, each with a retina capable of creating an image, creating vision. With each eye viewing a different thing, a fused image from all the eyes is produced in the brain, providing very different, high-resolution images.



Possessing detailed hyperspectral colour vision, the Mantis shrimp has been reported to have the world's most complex colour vision system.[8] Trilobites, which are now extinct, had unique compound eyes. They used clear calcite crystals to form the lenses of their eyes. In this, they differ from most other arthropods, which have soft eyes. The number of lenses in such an eye varied, however: some trilobites had only one, and some had thousands of lenses in one eye.



In contrast to compound eyes, simple eyes are those that have a single lens. For example, jumping spiders have a large pair of simple eyes with a narrow field of view, supported by an array of other, smaller eyes for peripheral vision. Some insect larvae, like caterpillars, have a different type of simple eye (stemmata) which gives a rough image. Some of the simplest eyes, called ocelli, can be found in animals like some of the snails, which cannot actually ""see"" in the normal sense. They do have photosensitive cells, but no lens and no other means of projecting an image onto these cells. They can distinguish between light and dark, but no more. This enables snails to keep out of direct sunlight. In organisms dwelling near deep-sea vents, compound eyes have been secondarily simplified and adapted to spot the infra-red light produced by the hot vents–in this way the bearers can spot hot springs and avoid being boiled alive.[9]

[edit] Evolution

Main article: Evolution of the eye

Evolution of the eye



Photoreception is phylogenetically very old, with various theories of phylogenesis.[10] The common origin (monophyly) of all animal eyes is now widely accepted as fact. This is based upon the shared anatomical and genetic features of all eyes; that is, all modern eyes, varied as they are, have their origins in a proto-eye believed to have evolved some 540 million years ago.[11][12][13] The majority of the advancements in early eyes are believed to have taken only a few million years to develop, since the first predator to gain true imaging would have touched off an ""arms race"".[14] Prey animals and competing predators alike would be at a distinct disadvantage without such capabilities and would be less likely to survive and reproduce. Hence multiple eye types and subtypes developed in parallel.



Eyes in various animals show adaption to their requirements. For example, birds of prey have much greater visual acuity than humans, and some can see ultraviolet light. The different forms of eye in, for example, vertebrates and mollusks are often cited as examples of parallel evolution, despite their distant common ancestry.



The very earliest ""eyes"", called eyespots, were simple patches of photoreceptor protein in unicellular animals. In multicellular beings, multicellular eyespots evolved, physically similar to the receptor patches for taste and smell. These eyespots could only sense ambient brightness: they could distinguish light and dark, but not the direction of the light source.[1]



Through gradual change, as the eyespot depressed into a shallow ""cup"" shape, the ability to slightly discriminate directional brightness was achieved by using the angle at which the light hit certain cells to identify the source. The pit deepened over time, the opening diminished in size, and the number of photoreceptor cells increased, forming an effective pinhole camera that was capable of dimly distinguishing shapes.[15]



The thin overgrowth of transparent cells over the eye's aperture, originally formed to prevent damage to the eyespot, allowed the segregated contents of the eye chamber to specialize into a transparent humour that optimized color filtering, blocked harmful radiation, improved the eye's refractive index, and allowed functionality outside of water. The transparent protective cells eventually split into two layers, with circulatory fluid in between that allowed wider viewing angles and greater imaging resolution, and the thickness of the transparent layer gradually increased, in most species with the transparent crystallin protein.[16]



The gap between tissue layers naturally formed a bioconvex shape, an optimally ideal structure for a normal refractive index. Independently, a transparent layer and a nontransparent layer split forward from the lens: the cornea and iris. Separation of the forward layer again formed a humour, the aqueous humour. This increased refractive power and again eased circulatory problems. Formation of a nontransparent ring allowed more blood vessels, more circulation, and larger eye sizes.[16]

[edit] Types of eye



There are ten different eye layouts—indeed every way of capturing an optical image commonly used by man, with the exceptions of zoom and Fresnel lenses. Eye types can be categorized into ""simple eyes"", with one concave photoreceptive surface, and ""compound eyes"", which comprise a number of individual lenses laid out on a convex surface.[1] Note that ""simple"" does not imply a reduced level of complexity or acuity. Indeed, any eye type can be adapted for almost any behaviour or environment. The only limitations specific to eye types are that of resolution—the physics of compound eyes prevents them from achieving a resolution better than 1°. Also, superposition eyes can achieve greater sensitivity than apposition eyes, so are better suited to dark-dwelling creatures.[1] Eyes also fall into two groups on the basis of their photoreceptor's cellular construction, with the photoreceptor cells either being cilliated (as in the vertebrates) or rhabdomeric. These two groups are not monophyletic; the cnidaria also possess cilliated cells, [17] and some annelids possess both.[18]

[edit] Non-compound eyes



Simple eyes are rather ubiquitous, and lens-bearing eyes have evolved at least seven times in vertebrates, cephalopods, annelids, crustaceans and cubozoa.[19]

[edit] Pit eyes



Pit eyes, also known as stemma, are eye-spots which may be set into a pit to reduce the angles of light that enters and affects the eyespot, to allow the organism to deduce the angle of incoming light.[1] Found in about 85% of phyla, these basic forms were probably the precursors to more advanced types of ""simple eye"". They are small, comprising up to about 100 cells covering about 100 µm.[1] The directionality can be improved by reducing the size of the aperture, by incorporating a reflective layer behind the receptor cells, or by filling the pit with a refractile material.[1]



Pit vipers have developed pits that function as eyes by sensing thermal infra-red radiation, in addition to their optical wavelength eyes like those of other vertebrates.

[edit] Spherical lensed eye



The resolution of pit eyes can be greatly improved by incorporating a material with a higher refractive index to form a lens, which may greatly reduce the blur radius encountered—hence increasing the resolution obtainable.[1] The most basic form, seen in some gastropods and annelids, consists of a lens of one refractive index. A far sharper image can be obtained using materials with a high refractive index, decreasing to the edges; this decreases the focal length and thus allows a sharp image to form on the retina.[1] This also allows a larger aperture for a given sharpness of image, allowing more light to enter the lens; and a flatter lens, reducing spherical aberration.[1] Such an inhomogeneous lens is necessary in order for the focal length to drop from about 4 times the lens radius, to 2.5 radii.[1]



Heterogeneous eyes have evolved at least eight times: four or more times in gastropods, once in the copepods, once in the annelids and once in the cephalopods.[1] No aquatic organisms possess homogeneous lenses; presumably the evolutionary pressure for a heterogeneous lens is great enough for this stage to be quickly ""outgrown"".[1]



This eye creates an image that is sharp enough that motion of the eye can cause significant blurring. To minimize the effect of eye motion while the animal moves, most such eyes have stabilizing eye muscles.[1]



The ocelli of insects bear a simple lens, but their focal point always lies behind the retina; consequently they can never form a sharp image. This capitulates the function of the eye. Ocelli (pit-type eyes of arthropods) blur the image across the whole retina, and are consequently excellent at responding to rapid changes in light intensity across the whole visual field; this fast response is further accelerated by the large nerve bundles which rush the information to the brain.[20] Focusing the image would also cause the sun's image to be focused on a few receptors, with the possibility of damage under the intense light; shielding the receptors would block out some light and thus reduce their sensitivity.[20] This fast response has led to suggestions that the ocelli of insects are used mainly in flight, because they can be used to detect sudden changes in which way is up (because light, especially UV light which is absorbed by vegetation, usually comes from above).[20]

[edit] Multiple lenses



Some marine organisms bear more than one lens; for instance the copepod Pontella has three. The outer has a parabolic surface, countering the effects of spherical aberration while allowing a sharp image to be formed. Another copepod, Copilia, has two lenses in each eye, arranged like those in a telescope.[1] Such arrangements are rare and poorly understood, but represent an interesting alternative construction. An interesting use of multiple lenses is seen in some hunters such as eagles and jumping spiders, which have a refractive cornea (discussed next): these have a negative lens, enlarging the observed image by up to 50% over the receptor cells, thus increasing their optical resolution.[1]

[edit] Refractive cornea



In the eyes of most mammals, birds, reptiles, and most other terrestrial vertebrates (along with spiders and some insect larvae) the vitreous fluid has a higher refractive index than the air.[1] In general, the lens is not spherical. Spherical lenses produce spherical aberration. In refractive corneas, the lens tissue is corrected with inhomogeneous lens material (see Luneburg lens), or with an aspheric shape.[1] Flattening the lens has a disadvantage; the quality of vision is diminished away from the main line of focus. Thus, animals that have evolved with a wide field-of-view often have eyes that make use of an inhomogeneous lens.[1]



As mentioned above, a refractive cornea is only useful out of water; in water, there is little difference in refractive index between the vitreous fluid and the surrounding water. Hence creatures that have returned to the water–penguins and seals, for example–lose their highly curved cornea and return to lens-based vision. An alternative solution, borne by some divers, is to have a very strongly focusing cornea.[1]

[edit] Reflector eyes



An alternative to a lens is to line the inside of the eye with "" mirrors"", and reflect the image to focus at a central point.[1] The nature of these eyes means that if one were to peer into the pupil of an eye, one would see the same image that the organism would see, reflected back out.[1]



Many small organisms such as rotifers, copepods and platyhelminths use such organs, but these are too small to produce usable images.[1] Some larger organisms, such as scallops, also use reflector eyes. The scallop Pecten has up to 100 millimeter-scale reflector eyes fringing the edge of its shell. It detects moving objects as they pass successive lenses.[1]



There is at least one vertebrate, the spookfish, whose eyes include reflective optics for focusing of light. Each of the two eyes of a spookfish collects light from both above and below; the light coming from above is focused by a lens, while that coming from below, by a curved mirror composed of many layers of small reflective plates made of guanine crystals.[21]

[edit] Compound eyes

An image of a house fly compound eye surface by using scanning electron microscope

Anatomy of the compound eye of an insect

Arthropods such as this Calliphora vomitoria fly have compound eyes



A compound eye may consist of thousands of individual photoreceptor units or ommatidia (ommatidium, singular). The image perceived is a combination of inputs from the numerous ommatidia (individual ""eye units""), which are located on a convex surface, thus pointing in slightly different directions. Compared with simple eyes, compound eyes possess a very large view angle, and can detect fast movement and, in some cases, the polarization of light.[22] Because the individual lenses are so small, the effects of diffraction impose a limit on the possible resolution that can be obtained (assuming that they do not function as phased arrays). This can only be countered by increasing lens size and number. To see with a resolution comparable to our simple eyes, humans would require compound eyes which would each reach the size of their heads.



Compound eyes fall into two groups: apposition eyes, which form multiple inverted images, and superposition eyes, which form a single erect image.[23] Compound eyes are common in arthropods, and are also present in annelids and some bivalved molluscs.[24]



Compound eyes, in arthropods at least, grow at their margins by the addition of new ommatidia.[25]

[edit] Apposition eyes



Apposition eyes are the most common form of eye, and are presumably the ancestral form of compound eye. They are found in all arthropod groups, although they may have evolved more than once within this phylum.[1] Some annelids and bivalves also have apposition eyes. They are also possessed by Limulus, the horseshoe crab, and there are suggestions that other chelicerates developed their simple eyes by reduction from a compound starting point.[1] (Some caterpillars appear to have evolved compound eyes from simple eyes in the opposite fashion.)



Apposition eyes work by gathering a number of images, one from each eye, and combining them in the brain, with each eye typically contributing a single point of information.



The typical apposition eye has a lens focusing light from one direction on the rhabdom, while light from other directions is absorbed by the dark wall of the ommatidium. In the other kind of apposition eye, found in the Strepsiptera, lenses are not fused to one another, and each forms an entire image; these images are combined in the brain. This is called the schizochroal compound eye or the neural superposition eye. Because images are combined additively, this arrangement allows vision under lower light levels.[1]

[edit] Superposition eyes



The second type is named the superposition eye. The superposition eye is divided into three types; the refracting, the reflecting and the parabolic superposition eye. The refracting superposition eye has a gap between the lens and the rhabdom, and no side wall. Each lens takes light at an angle to its axis and reflects it to the same angle on the other side. The result is an image at half the radius of the eye, which is where the tips of the rhabdoms are. This kind is used mostly by nocturnal insects. In the parabolic superposition compound eye type, seen in arthropods such as mayflies, the parabolic surfaces of the inside of each facet focus light from a reflector to a sensor array. Long-bodied decapod crustaceans such as shrimp, prawns, crayfish and lobsters are alone in having reflecting superposition eyes, which also have a transparent gap but use corner mirrors instead of lenses.

[edit] Parabolic superposition



This eye type functions by refracting light, then using a parabolic mirror to focus the image; it combines features of superposition and apposition eyes.[9]

[edit] Other



Good fliers like flies or honey bees, or prey-catching insects like praying mantis or dragonflies, have specialized zones of ommatidia organized into a fovea area which gives acute vision. In the acute zone the eyes are flattened and the facets larger. The flattening allows more ommatidia to receive light from a spot and therefore higher resolution.



There are some exceptions from the types mentioned above. Some insects have a so-called single lens compound eye, a transitional type which is something between a superposition type of the multi-lens compound eye and the single lens eye found in animals with simple eyes. Then there is the mysid shrimp Dioptromysis paucispinosa. The shrimp has an eye of the refracting superposition type, in the rear behind this in each eye there is a single large facet that is three times in diameter the others in the eye and behind this is an enlarged crystalline cone. This projects an upright image on a specialized retina. The resulting eye is a mixture of a simple eye within a compound eye.



Another version is the pseudofaceted eye, as seen in Scutigera. This type of eye consists of a cluster of numerous ocelli on each side of the head, organized in a way that resembles a true compound eye.



The body of Ophiocoma wendtii, a type of brittle star, is covered with ommatidia, turning its whole skin into a compound eye. The same is true of many chitons. The tube feet of sea urchins contain photoreceptor proteins, which together act as a compound eye; they lack screening pigments, but can detect the directionality of light by the shadow cast by its opaque body.[26]

[edit] Nutrients



The ciliary body is triangular in horizontal section and is coated by a double layer, the ciliary epithelium. The inner layer is transparent and covers the vitreous body, and is continuous from the neural tissue of the retina. The outer layer is highly pigmented, continuous with the retinal pigment epithelium, and constitutes the cells of the dilator muscle.



The vitreous is the transparent, colorless, gelatinous mass that fills the space between the lens of the eye and the retina lining the back of the eye.[27] It is produced by certain retinal cells. It is of rather similar composition to the cornea, but contains very few cells (mostly phagocytes which remove unwanted cellular debris in the visual field, as well as the hyalocytes of Balazs of the surface of the vitreous, which reprocess the hyaluronic acid), no blood vessels, and 98-99% of its volume is water (as opposed to 75% in the cornea) with salts, sugars, vitrosin (a type of collagen), a network of collagen type II fibers with the mucopolysaccharide hyaluronic acid, and also a wide array of proteins in micro amounts. Amazingly, with so little solid matter, it tautly holds the eye.

[edit] Relationship to life requirements



Eyes are generally adapted to the environment and life requirements of the organism which bears them. For instance, the distribution of photoreceptors tends to match the area in which the highest acuity is required, with horizon-scanning organisms, such as those that live on the African plains, having a horizontal line of high-density ganglia, while tree-dwelling creatures which require good all-round vision tend to have a symmetrical distribution of ganglia, with acuity decreasing outwards from the centre.



Of course, for most eye types, it is impossible to diverge from a spherical form, so only the density of optical receptors can be altered. In organisms with compound eyes, it is the number of ommatidia rather than ganglia that reflects the region of highest data acquisition.[1]:23-4 Optical superposition eyes are constrained to a spherical shape, but other forms of compound eyes may deform to a shape where more ommatidia are aligned to, say, the horizon, without altering the size or density of individual ommatidia.[28] Eyes of horizon-scanning organisms have stalks so they can be easily aligned to the horizon when this is inclined, for example if the animal is on a slope.[29] An extension of this concept is that the eyes of predators typically have a zone of very acute vision at their centre, to assist in the identification of prey.[28] In deep water organisms, it may not be the centre of the eye that is enlarged. The hyperiid amphipods are deep water animals that feed on organisms above them. Their eyes are almost divided into two, with the upper region thought to be involved in detecting the silhouettes of potential prey—or predators—against the faint light of the sky above. Accordingly, deeper water hyperiids, where the light against which the silhouettes must be compared is dimmer, have larger ""upper-eyes"", and may lose the lower portion of their eyes altogether.[28] Depth perception can be enhanced by having eyes which are enlarged in one direction; distorting the eye slightly allows the distance to the object to be estimated with a high degree of accuracy.[9]



Acuity is higher among male organisms that mate in mid-air, as they need to be able to spot and assess potential mates against a very large backdrop.[28] On the other hand, the eyes of organisms which operate in low light levels, such as around dawn and dusk or in deep water, tend to be larger to increase the amount of light that can be captured.[28]



It is not only the shape of the eye that may be affected by lifestyle. Eyes can be the most visible parts of organisms, and this can act as a pressure on organisms to have more transparent eyes at the cost of function.[28]



Eyes may be mounted on stalks to provide better all-round vision, by lifting them above an organism's carapace; this also allows them to track predators or prey without moving the head.[9]

[edit] Visual acuity

The eye of a red-tailed hawk



Visual acuity, or resolving power, is ""the ability to distinguish fine detail"" and is the property of cones.[30] It is often measured in cycles per degree (CPD), which measures an angular resolution, or how much an eye can differentiate one object from another in terms of visual angles. Resolution in CPD can be measured by bar charts of different numbers of white/black stripe cycles. For example, if each pattern is 1.75 cm wide and is placed at 1 m distance from the eye, it will subtend an angle of 1 degree, so the number of white/black bar pairs on the pattern will be a measure of the cycles per degree of that pattern. The highest such number that the eye can resolve as stripes, or distinguish from a gray block, is then the measurement of visual acuity of the eye.



For a human eye with excellent acuity, the maximum theoretical resolution is 50 CPD[31] (1.2 arcminute per line pair, or a 0.35 mm line pair, at 1 m). A rat can resolve only about 1 to 2 CPD.[32] A horse has higher acuity through most of the visual field of its eyes than a human has, but does not match the high acuity of the human eye's central fovea region.[citation needed]



Spherical aberration limits the resolution of a 7 mm pupil to about 3 arcminutes per line pair. At a pupil diameter of 3 mm, the spherical aberration is greatly reduced, resulting in an improved resolution of approximately 1.7 arcminutes per line pair.[33] A resolution of 2 arcminutes per line pair, equivalent to a 1 arcminute gap in an optotype, corresponds to 20/20 (normal vision) in humans.

[edit] Perception of colours



""Colour vision is the faculty of the organism to distinguish lights of different spectral qualities.""[34] All organisms are restricted to a small range of electromagnetic spectrum; this varies from creature to creature, but is mainly between wavelengths of 400 and 700 nm.[35] This is a rather small section of the electromagnetic spectrum, probably reflecting the submarine evolution of the organ: water blocks out all but two small windows of the EM spectrum, and there has been no evolutionary pressure among land animals to broaden this range.[36]



The most sensitive pigment, rhodopsin, has a peak response at 500 nm.[37] Small changes to the genes coding for this protein can tweak the peak response by a few nm;[2] pigments in the lens can also filter incoming light, changing the peak response.[2] Many organisms are unable to discriminate between colours, seeing instead in shades of grey; colour vision necessitates a range of pigment cells which are primarily sensitive to smaller ranges of the spectrum. In primates, geckos, and other organisms, these take the form of cone cells, from which the more sensitive rod cells evolved.[37] Even if organisms are physically capable of discriminating different colours, this does not necessarily mean that they can perceive the different colours; only with behavioural tests can this be deduced.[2]



Most organisms with colour vision are able to detect ultraviolet light. This high energy light can be damaging to receptor cells. With a few exceptions (snakes, placental mammals), most organisms avoid these effects by having absorbent oil droplets around their cone cells. The alternative, developed by organisms that had lost these oil droplets in the course of evolution, is to make the lens impervious to UV light — this precludes the possibility of any UV light being detected, as it does not even reach the retina.[37]

[edit] Rods and cones



The retina contains two major types of light-sensitive photoreceptor cells used for vision: the rods and the cones.



Rods cannot distinguish colours, but are responsible for low-light (scotopic) monochrome (black-and-white) vision; they work well in dim light as they contain a pigment, rhodopsin (visual purple), which is sensitive at low light intensity, but saturates at higher (photopic) intensities. Rods are distributed throughout the retina but there are none at the fovea and none at the blind spot. Rod density is greater in the peripheral retina than in the central retina.



Cones are responsible for colour vision. They require brighter light to function than rods require. In humans, there are three types of cones, maximally sensitive to long-wavelength, medium-wavelength, and short-wavelength light (often referred to as red, green, and blue, respectively, though the sensitivity peaks are not actually at these colours). The colour seen is the combined effect of stimuli to, and responses from, these three types of cone cells. Cones are mostly concentrated in and near the fovea. Only a few are present at the sides of the retina. Objects are seen most sharply in focus when their images fall on the fovea, as when one looks at an object directly. Cone cells and rods are connected through intermediate cells in the retina to nerve fibres of the optic nerve. When rods and cones are stimulated by light, the nerves send off impulses through these fibres to the brain.[37]

[edit] Pigmentation



The pigment molecules used in the eye are various, but can be used to define the evolutionary distance between different groups, and can also be an aid in determining which are closely related – although problems of convergence do exist.[37]



Opsins are the pigments involved in photoreception. Other pigments, such as melanin, are used to shield the photoreceptor cells from light leaking in from the sides. The opsin protein group evolved long before the last common ancestor of animals, and has continued to diversify since.[2]



There are two types of opsin involved in vision; c-opsins, which are associated with ciliary-type photoreceptor cells, and r-opsins, associated with rhabdomeric photoreceptor cells.[38] The eyes of vertebrates usually contain cilliary cells with c-opsins, and (bilaterian) invertebrates have rhabdomeric cells in the eye with r-opsins. However, some ganglion cells of vertebrates express r-opsins, suggesting that their ancestors used this pigment in vision, and that remnants survive in the eyes.[38] Likewise, c-opsins have been found to be expressed in the brain of some invertebrates. They may have been expressed in ciliary cells of larval eyes, which were subsequently resorbed into the brain on metamorphosis to the adult form.[38] C-opsins are also found in some derived bilaterian-invertebrate eyes, such as the pallial eyes of the bivalve molluscs; however, the lateral eyes (which were presumably the ancestral type for this group, if eyes evolved once there) always use r-opsins.[38] Cnidaria, which are an outgroup to the taxa mentioned above, express c-opsins - but r-opsins are yet to be found in this group.[38] Incidentally, the melanin produced in the raticate is produced in the same fashion as that in vertebrates, suggesting the common descent of this pigment.[38]"
It wa"	Bush
Eyes	Things in your head that you use to see.
Eyes	eye (noun) Each of a pair of globular organs of sight in the head of humans and vertebrate animals: | a thing resembling
Eyes	sight, two
Eyes	iris, pupil, cornea, sight
Eyes	to watch,organ of human,small hole,light of body,one of the important sense  organ,mainly have 2 eyes for a person,it in face,in black,in grey,in blue
Eyes	the part of the body that allows us to see, come in many colors, usually both of the two are the same color. The window of the soul
Eyes	two objects used to relay sight to the brai
Eyes	vision
Eyes	vision, different colors, see, part of the face, body part, blinks, pupil, eyeball, cornea, produces tears
Eyes	iris, colours blue green brown, slanted, large, sneeky
Eyes	A couple of organs that make organisms interact with the world.
Eyes	"judgment, opinion

appreciation, belief, conviction, discernment, discrimination, eagle eye, feeling, mind, perception, persuasion"
Eyes	are used to see, have pupils, irises, and are in the head.
Eyes	An organ of vision or of light sensitivity,Either of a pair of hollow structures located in bony sockets of the skull, functioning together or independently, each having a lens capable of focusing incident light on an internal photosensitive retina from which nerve impulses are sent to the brain; the vertebrate organ of vision.
Eyes	Look
Eyes	can be seen every thing live
Eyes	organ of sight, to observe, watch, he eyed the stranger with suspicion
Eyes	helps see, are round, can dilate, can process images
Eyes	round body parts located in the top half of your head used for seeing
Eyes	this organ with respect to the color of the iris
Eyes	eyebrows
Eyes	organ of sight, spectacles, sun glasses, hole in fabric, bud of potato
Eyes	"1.

the organ of sight, in vertebrates typically one of a pair of spherical bodies contained in an orbit of the skull and in humans appearing externally as a dense, white, curved membrane, or sclera, surrounding a circular, colored portion, or iris, that is covered by a clear, curved membrane, or cornea, and in the center of which is an opening, or pupil, through which light passes to the retina.

2.

the aggregate of structures situated within or near the orbit that assist, support, or protect the eye.

3.

this organ with respect to the color of the iris

4.

the region surrounding the eye: a black eye

5.

sight; vision: a sharp eye."
Eyes	faculty of seeing
Eyes	human organ to see the objects and everything in the world
Eyes	Body part, see, organ.
Eyes	the organ of sight
Eyes	sight, organs that detect light, optical system, cortex
Eyes	organ for sense of vision
Eyes	A part of the body,below the eyelids, which helps us in sight, Soft part of body
Eyes	"1. An organ of vision or of light sensitivity.

2.

a. Either of a pair of hollow structures located in bony sockets of the skull, functioning together or independently, each having a lens capable of focusing incident light on an internal photosensitive retina from which nerve impulses are sent to the brain; the vertebrate organ of vision.

b. The external, visible portion of this organ together with its associated structures, especially the eyelids, eyelashes, and eyebrows.

c. The pigmented iris of this organ.

3. The faculty of seeing; vision.

4. The ability to make intellectual or aesthetic judgments: has a good eye for understated fashion.

5.

a. A way of regarding something; a point of view: To my eye, the decorations are excellent.

b. Attention: The lavish window display immediately got my eye.

c. Watchful attention or supervision: always under his boss's eye; kept an eye on her valuables."
Eyes	opinion , judgment, vision,  a look, glance, a center, the hole in a needle, the loop into which a hook is inserted, the direction from which a wind is blowing,
Eyes	throw dust in to someone's eyes
Eyes	use to see the world things etc , its also beautiful one
Eyes	sense organ, sense, seeing, vision, iris, eyelid
Eyes	part of body, see, have eye lashes,sensitive,detect light, have retina
Eyes	The organ of sight or vision in man, The center of a target, the bull's-eye, A small loop to receive a hook, To appear, to look.
Eyes	device to protect the eyes,esp.from strong light.
Eyes	sees, glances, windows of soul, looks at, peeks
Eyes	Parts of body in the living thing from which we can see the world.
Eyes	part of human body which helps for sight
Eyes	organ, visual communication, organs for vision
Eyes	see, blue, in the face, colors, pair
Eyes	blue,brown,grey,cat.
Eyes	"1.

the organ of sight, in vertebrates typically one of a pair of spherical bodies contained in an orbit of the skull and in humans appearing externally as a dense, white, curved membrane, or sclera, surrounding a circular, colored portion, or iris, that is covered by a clear, curved membrane, or cornea, and in the center of which is an opening, or pupil, through which light passes to the retina.

2.

the aggregate of structures situated within or near the orbit that assist, support, or protect the eye.

3.

this organ with respect to the color of the iris: blue eyes.

4.

the region surrounding the eye: a black eye; puffy eyes.

5.

sight; vision: a sharp eye."
Eyes	are beautiful gift of god
Eyes	very important
Eyes	organ of sight
Eyes	Organs used for sight, can refer to video cameras,
Eyes	the aggregate of structures situated within or near the orbit that assist, support, or protect the eye,this organ with respect to the color of the iris,the region surrounding the eye,sight; vision: a sharp eye.
Eyes	Human eye, Arthropod eye, Simple eye  Lovely  eye
Eyes	Eyes are organs that detect light and convert it into electro-chemical impulses in neurons. The simplest photoreceptors in conscious vision connect light to movement. In higher organisms the eye is a complex optical system which collects light from the surrounding environment, regulates its intensity through a diaphragm, focuses it through an adjustable assembly of lenses to form an image, converts this image into a set of electrical signals, and transmits these signals to the brain through complex neural pathways that connect the eye via the optic nerve to the visual cortex and other areas of the brain. Eyes with resolving power have come in ten fundamentally different forms, and 96% of animal species possess a complex optical system.[1] Image-resolving eyes are present in molluscs, chordates and arthropods.[2]
Eyes	two. balance, symmetry ,nature, beautiful, creation
Eyes	organs that detect light and convert it into electro-chemical impulses in neurons.
Eyes	opinion or judgment; "in the eyes of the law"; "I was wrong in her eyes"
Eyes	beautiful,black,aids vision,sensitive,brings out emotion,tears.
Eyes	optic, helps to see, has colour
Minute	time,short period,sometimes long,clock,60 seconds,late.
Minute	unit of time
Minute	A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds
Minute	measure of time , a minute is equivalent to 60 seconds
Minute	reminds work
Minute	means small
Minute	Sixty Seconds
Minute	atomic, diminutive, exact, exiguous, fine, inconsiderable, infinitesimal, insignificant, invisible, little, microbic, microscopic, miniature, minim, minimal, minuscule, molecular, peewee, piddling, precise, puny, slender, teeny-weeny, tiny, wee
Minute	small, sharp, tiny, a unit of time, 60 seconds.
Minute	sixty seconds
Minute	60 seconds of time
Minute	sixty seconds
Minute	The sixtieth part of an hour,sixty seconds.to time in terms of minutes;tiny.
Minute	is tiny.
Minute	sixty seconds, part of an hour,write down details of a meeting
Minute	A minute is a unit of measurement of time or of angle. The minute is a unit of time equal to 1/60th (the first sexagesimal fraction) of an hour or 60 seconds. In the UTC time scale, a minute on rare occasions has 59 or 61 seconds; see leap second. The minute is not an SI unit; however, it is accepted for use with SI units. The SI symbol for minute or minutes is min (for time measurement) or apostrophe after a number, eg 5' (for angle measurement, even if it is informally used for time).
Minute	"1.

being in accordance with the actual state or conditions; conforming to reality or fact; not false: a true story.

2.

real; genuine; authentic: true gold; true feelings.

3.

sincere; not deceitful: a true interest in someone's welfare.

4.

firm in allegiance; loyal; faithful; steadfast: a true friend.

5.

being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something: the true meaning of his statement.

EXPAND"
Minute	A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds.
Minute	60 seconds, unexact amout of time "I'll be there in a minute", the notes taken recording the events of a meeting
Minute	minute (noun) a period of time equal to sixty seconds or a sixtieth of an hour: | a sixtieth of a degree of angular
Minute	"1.

the sixtieth part ( 1 / 60 ) of an hour; sixty seconds.

2.

an indefinitely short space of time: Wait a minute!

3.

an exact point in time; instant; moment: Come here this minute!

4.

minutes, the official record of the proceedings at a meeting of a society, committee, or other group.

5.

Chiefly British . a written summary, note, or memorandum."
Minute	is unit of time, 60 seconds make one minute
Minute	very small, fine, atomic, insignificant, exiguous, exact, infinitesimal, diminutive, inconsiderable, invisible, little, miniature, peewee, teeny-weeny, slender, precise, piddling, minuscule, minimal, minim, invisible, little, microbic, infinitesimal, blow-by-blow, clocklike, critical, elaborate, itemized, painstaking, brief time, crack, flash, instant, moment, second, short time
Minute	arcminute, minute of arc, min, instant, moment, second,
Minute	moment, instant, jiffy
Minute	The sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds. (Abbrev. m.; as, h. m.)
Minute	60 seconds, short time, words of a meeting, very small, very exact
Minute	"his article is about the unit of time, angle and right ascension. For other uses of the word, see Minute (disambiguation).

See also: Minute of arc



A minute is a unit of measurement of time or of angle. The minute is a unit of time equal to 1/60th (the first sexagesimal fraction[1]) of an hour or 60 seconds. In the UTC time scale, a minute on rare occasions has 59 or 61 seconds; see leap second. The minute is not an SI unit; however, it is accepted for use with SI units.[2] The SI symbol for minute or minutes is min (for time measurement) or apostrophe after a number, eg 5' (for angle measurement, even if it is informally used for time).

[edit] Astronomy



In astronomy, the minute is a unit of angle, the minute of right ascension. It is equal to 1/60th of an hour of right ascension and can be further divided into 60 seconds of right ascension.



The Earth turns on its polar axis through fifteen minutes of arc in every minute of sidereal time. One minute of arc at the Earth's equator is approximately one nautical mile.



In old astronomical texts minute can also mean a unit of time equal to 1/60th of a day (24 usual minutes). These minutes correspond to the Latin diei scrupulis, and used to express periods of planetary motions. For example, Kepler in Harmonices Mundi gives Saturn year as 10759D12', that is 10759 (Earth) days, 4 hours, and 48 (usual) minutes (roughly 29.5 years),"
Minute	part of time
Minute	60 seconds
Minute	"1)One sixtieth part of an hour

2)smallest

3)happenings in a conference or meeting written by somebody."
Minute	moment, small, wee, measure of time, tiny
Minute	60 seconds, unit of measurement of time, live every minute to the full
Minute	A Period of time, 60 Seconds,Very Short Time,  Sixtienth of an hour
Minute	time, 60 secs, fast, tiny, little small, miniature
Minute	sixtieth part of an hour
Minute	time, sixty seconds, valuable, sixty minute makes one hour, minute needle
Minute	We can show the time in minute/minutes.  When we are helding a meeting there we can indicate that minutes of the meeting. For counting the  minutes we can use watch, clock, etc.
Minute	Sixty seconds.
Minute	clock, wait, tick tack, click, important
Minute	its a short time, its suddenly going, its take short time
Minute	the sixtieth part of an hour; sixty seconds.
Minute	A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds, A measure of the distance one can cover in a minute, A specific point in time
Minute	Small, one sixtieth of an hour or a degree
Minute	turn, molybdenum, act, spot, irregular, piece, endorsement, chip, bit, min, flake, snatch, arcminute, second gear, instant, second, minute of arc, routine, s, mo, minute, fleck, atomic number 42, sec, bite, secondment, number, second base, morsel, scrap, moment, hour, indorsement, here and now, import, consequence, present moment, arcsecond
Minute	seconds
Minute	sixty seconds, time
Minute	a representation of time , a minute is equal to 60 seconds , measurement of time
Minute	the sixtieth part of an hour , unit of time.
Minute	very small :the diamonds in the brooch were minute.
Minute	a moment, the present time,as soon as,very small,
Minute	this word is related to time.is in the clock.hours,seconds also related.
Minute	little , small , tiny , miniature, time, sixty seconds, microscopic.
Minute	"A unit of time equal to one sixtieth of an hour, or 60 seconds.

2. A unit of angular measurement equal to one sixtieth of a degree, or 60 seconds. Also called minute of arc.

3. A measure of the distance one can cover in a minute: lives ten minutes from school.

4. A short interval of time; moment. See Synonyms at moment.

5. A specific point in time: Stop that this minute!

6. A note or summary covering points to be remembered; a memorandum.

7. minutes An official record of the proceedings of a meeting.

tr.v. min·ut·ed, min·ut·ing, min·utes

To record in a memorandum or the minutes of a meeting."
Minute	the sixtieth part ( 1 / 60 ) of an hour,an indefinitely short space of time,an exact point in time, a written summary, note, or memorandum.
Minute	A minute is 60 seconds or a short amount of time
Minute	60 seconds, a time duration
Minute	a unit of time
Minute	sixty seconds, right now, very small, measure of time, hand on clock
Minute	time, clock
Outdoors	adventures, to enjoy, garden, travel, open air, sports,
Outdoors	Nature, Open Place, Door in other side
Outdoors	out of doors; in the open air,the world outside of or away from houses,nature, natural places, and outdoor activities
Outdoors	bucolic surroundings, country, countryside, environment, fresh air, garden, green earth, hill, mountain, open, out-of-doors, patio, without, woods, yard
Outdoors	"1out·doors adv \ˌau̇t-ˈdȯrz; ˈau̇t-ˈ\



Definition of OUTDOORS



: outside a building : in or into the open air

 See outdoors defined for English-language learners »

See outdoors defined for kids »

Examples of OUTDOORS



The game is meant to be played outdoors.

He worked outdoors all afternoon.

I went outdoors for some fresh air.

First Known Use of OUTDOORS



1755

Related to OUTDOORS



Synonyms: alfresco, out, outside

Antonyms: indoors

[+]more

Rhymes with OUTDOORS



Azores, indoors"
Outdoors	Out-of-Doors, Outside, In the Open, In the Open Air, Opposite of Indoors
Outdoors	The open air, An area away from human settlements, located, suited for, or taking place in the open air,
Outdoors	open, open air, out-of-doors, alfresco, out of doors, outside
Outdoors	gust room
Outdoors	out of home, in open, without shelter
Outdoors	outside world
Outdoors	in or into the open air,the open air
Outdoors	sunshine, picnic, play
Outdoors	Outside the home
Outdoors	outside, nature, everything that is not in a building
Outdoors	"1.

out of doors; in the open air: He's happiest when he's outdoors. open air: Our whole family likes the outdoors."
Outdoors	Being, or done, in the open air
Outdoors	Fresh air, sky, garden, walks, open air, tents, barbecues, picnics
Outdoors	activity makes life good.
Outdoors	open air
Outdoors	being out in nature, not being inside of your home, breathing fresh air
Outdoors	open air, nature, bucolic surroundings, countryside, country, environment, green earth, fresh air, mountain, open, without woods, yard, out-of-doors, patio, forest, landscape, natural history, scenery, seascape, setting, universe, view, world, open, open air, middle, topside
Outdoors	spend alot of time in outdoors...not in a building
Outdoors	camping, recreation, outside, fresh air, earth
Outdoors	located or situated to the open air, out of door,out side,not in a building
Outdoors	Open space,Ground,Fields,A place with lots of space with no congestion,Fresh air trees and natural things exist,Natural surroundings.
Outdoors	being out in the open being one with mother nature
Outdoors	program
Outdoors	out place
Outdoors	Away home,a pleasant scenery,makes mind free,a shotting location.
Outdoors	Happening out side the home
Outdoors	open to out side, its a large area open to public
Outdoors	hot,pleasant,fresh air
Outdoors	In or into the open; outside,The open air,An area away from human settlements,the world outside or far away from human habitation,where the air is unconfined; "he wanted to get outdoors a little"; "the concert was held in the open air"; "camping in the open", the region that is outside of something.
Outdoors	free,feel good,open,natural,reality.
Outdoors	Out-of-doors, outside, in the open, in the air
Outdoors	greenery, forest, water front, games, cycling, healthy
Outdoors	the world outside of or away from houses, in the open air,
Outdoors	The open air.An area away from human settlements.outside.outside a building
Outdoors	INTO OPEN AIR,NO CLOSED FENCING,NO RESTRICTION TO ANY BODY,NO ONE ENTRY,NOT GIVEN PAYMENT TO ATTEND.
Outdoors	exit, games like baseball, football, outside home
Outdoors	open-air, outside, countryside, oxygen, wind
Outdoors	outside, not a house
Outdoors	outdoor games, shootings, outings, fun
Outdoors	outside a building or shelter
Outdoors	in the open air.
Outdoors	outside, out in the open, not confined to an enclosed space
Outdoors	Outside, in the open, in the open air
Outdoors	characteristic of, located, occurring, or belonging outdoors
Outdoors	Out of your house, in the open
Outdoors	outside
Outdoors	the world outside
Outdoors	"1. The open air.

2. An area away from human settlements."
Outdoors	external, out side
Outdoors	Outdoors:-outdoes, outflows, outdoing, outcomes, outboard motor, outboard motorboat, outgoes, outdone, outlook .
Outdoors	earthy smells, sunshine, wind, trees, animals, relaxation, fun, physical activities, rain
Outdoors	The open air,An area away from human settlements.
Outdoors	games,table,party,schools.
Outdoors	taking place, existing, or intended for use in the open air,out-of-door, outside.
Outdoors	Abread; out of the house; out of doors.