Semantic Data 332
Practice:
finger nail, hand, arm, & body.
couch Cushion, color, type, and make.
Experimental:
careless reckless, thoughtless, non comfortable,
ignorance, abusive, intolerant, idiotic, and stupid.
casual Common, cool, collective, okay, excepted, comfortableness, and alright.
calories Fat, good, bad, fine in moderation or at a certain level, and energy.
checking money, seeing, making sure of, accurateness, judgment, and on cue.
bashful Shy, blushing, fear, panic, afraid, and fearful.
different Age, height, weight, short, tall, unalike, informative, exasperating. intriguing, and elaborate.
cue Do this, how to, now, here, there, right here, right there, over there, near, around, about, and on.
ashamed Sinful, lustful, embarrassed, shameful, saddened, soiled, and wrongful.
chips Food, insurance, Lays, baked, Pringles, Bugles, potato, sour cream, hungry, fattening, 21 (how many to eat for a serving), and tasty.
ridiculous Out of line and order, wrongful, awful, ignorant, and not right.
obvious duh, in front of, and there all along.
above Up, over, not average, and limit defying.
inexpensive Cheap, easily damaged, no worth, and recession.
claims Suing, want to be facts, and not always the truth.
cocky Jerk, ass, unappreciative, and fool.
birds Flying, light, beaks, eyes, and twig legs.
adventurous Outgoing, acceptable, and intriguing.
forceful Work, having to do, and enforcement.
beneath Under, low morals, wrong, not right, and awful.
beautiful Soul, nice, confidence, and hair.
discreet Sly, deceiving, low morals, and willing to do wrong.
awful Horrible, horrendous, disturbing, and sad.
eyebrows Brushy, hair, and skin.
comfortable Relaxed, okay, and content.
reliable Non flaky, accountable, right, non doubting, and precise.
motionless Vegetable, pain, dead, and awful.
athletic Working out, exercise, sports, and in shape.
alike Similarity, the same, and conform.
scent Smell, heightened, clean, and delightful.
pretty Amusing, confident, nice, attractive, and awesome.
kids Adorable, handful, worthwhile, and expensive.
precise Exact, precision, on cue.
critical Analytical, analyze, critiquing, and ball buster.
adults Respect, admirable, tentative, and loving.
boys Ruff, dirty, stinky, and imaginative.
grown Adult, old, experience, and gratitude.
bored Sleepy, useless, tiring, and out of my mind.
hot Sun, heat, feeling, and heat stroke.
boiled Egg, hot, steaming, and germ ridden.
beyond Going over the limits, more than acceptable, and praiseworthy.
contacts Friends, eye wear, and phone book.
accurate Precise, right on the ball, and correct.
away Gone, saddened, and useless.
outrageous Ridiculous, out of character, wrong, awful, jerk.
marines
handsome Awesome, amazing, nice, sweet, and admirable.
clockwise clock, right, and forward.
bumpy Rocky, unbearable, and dangerous.
ancient Old, dead, gone, and past.
dollars Monetary, money, value, and recession.
all knowing, being, created, omniscient.
carrots Orange, bunny, healthy, baby, and long.
alive Glorious, eventful, exciting, and celebrate.
big Humongous, amount, large, and takes up space.
attractive Nice, sweet, awesome, confident, and cool.
able To do, at ease, and willing.
atomic Bomb, mass, and explosive.
bizarre Weird, crazy, strange, and not cool.
apathetic Feeling, sympathy, awful, and sad.
glad Happy, exuberant, and fantastic.