

finger a part of hand. a hand has five, long, skinny,
couch a kind of chair that many people can sit on at the same time, soft, can sit or lay on it.
Experimental:
before opposite of after
dangerous harmful, a condition which is not desirable, make a person or people in the unsafely condition, need caution
stolen an action that a person get other people\'s belongings without their permissions
crackers a kind of snack that we can eat in anytime
complicated
cruel harmful to other people in actions or words, violent, mean.
nervous a condition that can occur when one is doing thing that is very important, the increase of heart rate, sweating, or trembling of hands and legs.
abnormal adjective that describes things which are not normal
burnt harm by fire
cloudy cannot see things clearly
controls a action that make things in the hands, have power to make that do whatever he or she wants to.
broke
backward from the end to the beginning.
seldom rare, doing things only very few times
conscious a adjective that describing one has a clear mind, and know what he or she is doing.
cute a adjective that describing something that is small and pretty
after opposite of before
dense a kind of chair that many people can sit on at the same time, soft, can sit or lay on it.
asleep a adjective that can describe many trees are very close together in the forest
crunchy crack easily
cooked i don\'t know how to describe it
downstairs stairs to the down floor
naive a adjective that describe being thinking things easily like children
anxious worry
numerous countless
genuine i don\'t know how to describe it
cheerful happy
cheap inexpensive
adorable cute
ahead i don\'t know how to describe it
strict harsh,
bumps strikes
creative a adjective that can describe a person invent and make many things that nobody does it before
arrogant a adjective that describe someone is pride and might be overconfidence, and he or she may look down the other people
aware a verb, notice
blinds a kind of windows that can adjust the angle of light come through
difficult hard
absurd ridiculous, unbelievable
cents a smallest unit of money that we use
deadly a adjective that describe things can cause death
crafts a three-dimensional art work
formal a adjective, opposite to informal
joyous a adjective that describe happy conditions, joyful, cheerful
delicate a adjective, fine
misses
needy adjective, a condition that need things
crops a noun, harvest of things plant in the field
cups a noun, plastic, china, iron, glass, use to hold liquid to drink. has a holder in the outside of it
baked make cakes or breads
medieval old time
components parts of a things united together
bright a adjective, smart
priceless a adjective that describe things that cannot value by money
always a adverb, a behavior that can do things frequently
crooked a adjective
alone a adjective, only one person, not staying with any people.
excited a adjective, thrill, extremely happy
brilliant smart, bright
around adverb,
ahoy i don't have idea about this word