

finger is a body part. located on hands. usually have ten of them. used to hold objects. Long and stick-like in shape. Used to play an instrument, write, etc.
couch is a piece of furniture. Can be different shapes and sizes. Used to sit or lye down. Used for decoration.
Experimental:
careless unaware, lazy, unknowing, cold-hearted, aloof, slovenly, irresponsible.
casual informal, lax, laid-back, easygoing
calories measurement in nutrition, Energy, can be found in foods and drinks,
checking bank account, notation, monetary amount, measurement
bashful introverted, quiet, embarrassed, homely, conservative, awkward
different eccentric, eclectic, unique, minority, independent, unusual,
cue starting time, beginning, moment of which someone is expected to do something,
ashamed embarrassed, bashful, remorseful, regretful, undeserving, contrite,
chips a food. Usually made from potatoes. Can be different flavors, shapes. Usually thin, flat, and round or square, or cylindrical. Fried, kettle-cooked, baked.
ridiculous Senseless, odd, irregular, humorous, comical, abrasive, outrageous, extreme, thoughtless
obvious Apparent, logical, doubtless, evident,
above Higher in height, rank, etc. On top of, possibly better or more than
inexpensive Cheap in price, reasonable, under priced,
claims what someone believes to be true. What someone states as a point.
cocky arrogant, big-headed, to think too highly of oneself.
birds Animal. Can usually fly, have feathers, lay eggs, some migrate, have beaks, different colors and sizes, most of them chirp.
adventurous Unafraid. Daring. Exciting. To be up for anything.
forceful Pushy, annoying, abrasive, harsh, intimidating
beneath below, of lesser height, worth, rank, value. Under
beautiful gorgeous, exquisite, enjoyable, aesthetically pleasing in people, places, art, food, objects, etc.
discreet secretive, inconspicuous, low-key, to make something go unnoticed to other people that aren’t\'t involved
awful terrible, bad, regretful, horrible. To have negative feelings about something or someone
eyebrows hair on the face. located above the eye. can be different colors and shapes. usually somewhat linear, curved, or arched. used to protect the eye
comfortable pleasant. relaxing, easy. familiar
reliable dependable, responsible, trustworthy,
motionless catatonic, like a rock, still, not moving at all,
athletic healthy, active, in good shape, fun, energetic, enthusiastic, able-bodied
alike similar, familiar, in the same form, equal
scent smell, odor, aroma, something that a person or object gives off into the air that can be smelled.
pretty attractive, aesthetically pleasing, something that someone thinks when they like what they see
kids baby goats, also known as children in humans, very young people, small, playful
precise Exact, finite, without a doubt,
critical judgmental, harsh, highly concerned with other\'s looks, actions, personality, etc.
adults grown-up people. Old children, sometimes parents, authoritative
boys males. young men, playful, curious, children
grown adult, not children, could also mean not young or to have reached full growing potential in plants and animals as well
bored unenthused, tired, nothing to do, not entertained, without enough to take up time
hot in temperature, something that makes you sweat or not comfortable. In food, spicy.
boiled a way to cook something or just bring to a very high temperature. bubbling, scalding hot,
beyond Past, to go further than,
contacts a list of people that you communicate with or lenses that are used in eyes to help people see.
accurate Right, correct, good grades,
away past, gone, not close to, moved, in a different place
outrageous unbelievable, unfathomable, dressing outrageously, behaving outrageously, out of the ordinary
marines
handsome attractive, a nice-looking man, piece of furniture, building, object, animal, etc.
clockwise to the right, in an order, to go in the direction a clock does with time. to judge a placement of something or someone
bumpy not smooth, uneasy, uneven
ancient many years old, rare, preserved
dollars a currency in the US, money, one hundred pennies, valuable
all everything, everyone, nothing left behind, excluding nothing
carrots vegetable, orange, cylindrical, long or short, can be eaten, nutritious
alive not dead, full of life, feeling of excitement, living, breathing,
big large, not small, great in size or in height or weight
attractive aesthetically pleasing, pretty, handsome, likable
able allowing, feasible, realistic, in a position where you can make something possible
atomic of atoms, bombs, large, explosion
bizarre out of the ordinary, unbelievable, eccentric, unfamiliar, crazy
apathetic understanding, friendly, concerned, caring
glad pleased, happy, content, smiling, relaxing