Subject:
SEMANTICS S00579
From:
WebServer Reserved UID <webservd@cedar.olemiss.edu>
Date:
Fri, 26 Mar 2010 15:30:06 -0500 (CDT)
To:
buchananlab@gmail.com

erin@olemiss.edu

Semantic Data WL8S00579
Practice:
sing has harmony, used by the voice, sometimes sounds good, not for everyone, an action verb
hammer used for hitting, used with nails, hard, looks dangerous
Experimental:
relationship Something between two people, it can be mutual, physical, family, boyfriend girlfriend, or spiritual
see Done with the eyes. People who are blind can\'t see, what you see can affect how you feel
judge a person in a courtroom, to decide what happens about a decision. A person wearing a robe
night Darkness. A time to go to sleep. Eerie
knowledge Powerful. Doesn\'t necessacarily make you wiser. Has a positive connotation
crooked a person who is Evil, coniving, or mean. Something that is not straight 
college A place of higher learning. A place to expand your knowledge. Where degrees are earned.
newspaper To inform one about the events of a particular town or country. It is grey and it feels soft
three Is usually a crowd. Very significant number throughout the Bible and Julius Ceasear. Toddlers are the age of three
flirt Happiness or someone having fun, but flirting can also be dangerous
bacon Smells good in the morning. Salty. Sort of Red and good when there is not a lot of fat
pyramid Egyptians, triangle, Mummies, Gold and tresure
organize Neat, orderly
wander someone who is confused, to just walk around for no apparent reason
maze Something you have to work your way out of.
continent There are seven of them. Pangea
monk Live in a dark cell lit by candlelight. Wear brown robes. Men. wear sandals
nut A crazy person, somthing that falls from a tree. Squirrels
wood Used to make fire, build a log house, make heat
ill Sick, someone who does not feel very well
joke someone laughing, someone not taking a joke very seriously
away Removing someone or something. abscense
purpose Why things happen or why people do things.
touch Calming but sometimes unwanted. 
sweat Salty, nasty, perspiration, 
second After a minute, Second grade after the first
needle Ouch, somthing used to thread with, something to give a shot with
push Little kids pushing each other on the playground, Done to make something accelerate
violin Musical instrument. The begining of a song, scretchy noise
thin hair, a skinny person
lawsuit Someone is wanting some money or someone has been treated unfairly
reel to pull a fish in
dust makes a person sneeze. Someone needs to clean up
chaos A bunch of ruckus. Confusion
hold Being put on Hold on the telephone. A hold on someone\'s credit card account
appear To be seen by someone,
spine Located in the vertebral colomn, part of the nervous system
yard Somewhere where little kids can play. Located in the back part of the house, has green grass, looks peaceful
welcome Hospitality, a welcome mat in the front of someone\'s home, someone saying a welcome at a program, a feeling of belonging
alligator crocodile, green, bayou, swamp
drug Negative connotation, destruction, death
peak The highest pinnacle one can reach, to look around a corner
tighten smuther, pulling a rope together
choose to make a choice, can be either positive or negative
baby crying, a blessing, eating, playing
view To look at something or someone
jewish The star of David, Jesus was a Jew
grab to obtain somthing or someone. To hold it tightly
dill pickles, the baby off of Rugrats
log used to build a cabin, boats, it is brown, 
excited Happy, exclamation points, happy faces, a little kind jumping up and down, smiling
wash a car wash, to make something clean, soap suds
empire The Empire state builing, something large
biology the study of life, birds, animal classifications, 
president Barack Obama, someone who presides over something
sleep peaceful, a time to dream, every human needs eight hours of it
crime something commited, bad, evil, guilty
stairs wooden steps, going up, 
force to make somebody do something, a mean person
spring Time for flowers and bright colors, happy feelings, yellow and light blue, 


