Subject:
SEMANTICS S00626
From:
WebServer Reserved UID <webservd@cedar.olemiss.edu>
Date:
Sun, 28 Mar 2010 20:04:42 -0500 (CDT)
To:
buchananlab@gmail.com

erin@olemiss.edu

Semantic Data WL8S00626
Practice:
sing voice, sound, lyrics.
hammer hard,use to put things together
Experimental:
relationship a bond between two or more people who have may have something in common. 
see to have eyes to visualize things.
judge To make an observation about a person or thing.
night When the earth is not facing toward the sun. Dark.
knowledge To know things and to learn.
crooked not straight.
college A higher education
newspaper A piece of paper that reports news about the community or world. 
three a number that comes after four and before two.
flirt To talk to someone in a sexual type way and possibly lead them on. 
bacon pork, some people eat. 
pyramid has three sides 
organize to have things neat and in an orderly fashion. 
wander To look around
maze to be amazed.
continent A place where people live
monk to be clean
nut something you eat,to be consider as crazy 
wood a part of a tree, something you burn to keep warm 


ill sick, not feeling to well
joke to laugh, to make fun of someone or something
away to be apart from something or someone

purpose a reason
touch to feel
sweat something like water coming from your body when you are hot
second a number that comes after one and before three
needle something sharp and can be use to thread 
push a movement
violin something that make sound, music
thin to be less than average in size.
lawsuit to sue someone for something they may have done
reel to bring towards
dust dirty air, something that form after not having been clean over a period of time
chaos to commotion
hold to pause
appear to form in the present 
spine a organ in the body
yard something that we stand on, has grass, 36 inches, 3 feet
welcome to greet someone 
alligator an animal that has sharp teeth and live in water, a reptile
drug prescriptions, something that can be good or bad.  
peak to see something partially 
tighten to squeeze 
choose to pick, to make a selection
baby a new born human being
view to see something, to visualize, a site
jewish a religion
grab to pull
dill pickle
log a piece of wood
excited happy, overwhelmed, joyful 
wash to clean
empire a culture 
biology the study of life
president head person in charge, leader
sleep to rest, to dream 
crime to do something wrong, an offense
stairs to go up or down
force to put a lot of pressure on someone or something
spring a season that come after winter and before summer. 


