Bow	a bow tie, a ribbion, present
Bow	bow is to boat
Bow	Bow: archery, arrows, the book "The Hunger Games", hair products, hair accessories, hair, little girls, the way some dresses tie, a tie, often worn in hair, the neck or the waist of a dress
Bow	
Bow	arrow, knock, hunting, kill, animals, camo
Bow	a tie, a weapon 
Bow	tie, tie pasta, cross bow, bow and arrow, longbow
Bow	when in the presence of someone like a king or queen you bow to show your subordination, lesser people, monarchy, hierarchy
Bow	hunting tool, used with an arrow, boy scouts, eagle scouts, sporting stores, different weights and sizes 
Bow	in front of the queen, polite, ediquet, proper
Bow	colorful hair accessory 
Bow	weapon or somthing to put in hair as an accessory
Bow	to show respect,to show gratitude, to bend at the waist, 
Bow	tied, top of a present, use with an arrow
Bow	is a weapon, is a decoration, comes in colors, is a custom of showing respect, is the front of a ship
Bow	
Bow	arrow, hair, polite, curtsey, pink, pretty, indians, bow down, ribbon, long, presents
Bow	pretty in the hair, girls wear them, bright colors, lots of ribbons, fun to wear, makes a person look cute
Bow	 greatest
Bow	used with an arrow, used to hunt, invented thousands of years ago, primitive, indians,
Bow	used to propel arrows, death, killing, hunting, fighting, war, curved
Bow	an action, shows respect, seen with royalty, not used as much in common day
Bow	Can refer to a orderly piece of ribbon used for decorative purposes, a medieval ranged weapon that shoots arrows, or a complimentary piece to a stringed instrument such as a cello or violin.  Def. 1: physically thin, often shiny, makes rustle, taste of plastic, no smell. Def. 2&3: Physically: has a hard, yet flexible backing with a grouping of strings that are used to produce a sound or propel and arrow (respectively).  No smell,  or taste.  Sounds: can either be a sharp twang or a slow dull  sound based on how strenuous the string is plucked/pulled.
Bow	has two loops and a knot such as when you tie a shoe, is a piece of fabric used to hold a girl's hair back, is part of a bow tie, is part of a ship, is gesture of bending over when an audience applauds you
Bow	old fashioned greeting, used in formal occastions, used for hunting, shoots arrows, has a string, shaped like a "u", pulled back to fire, comes in different types
Bow	used for hunting, uses arrows, is made of wood, is made of plastic, has a string, is flexible
Bow	as in bow tie, instrument of death "hunting bow"?
Bow	applause
Bow	the fram of a projectile device.
Bow	bending
Bow	object, wear in hair, put on presents and gifts, different colors, hunting object, arrows
Bow	sign of respect, asian culture, an action, 
Bow	made of ribbon or in shoe laces, string. pretty in hair
Bow	Decorates a present, made of ribbon, can buy in whole from a store, colorful, can tie on shoes, 
Bow	Used to hunt, used for ancient warfare, uses arrows, made of wood or composite, dangerous.
Bow	tie, ribbons, clown, bow pepe
Bow	with and arrow, used for hunting, target practice, can only be used in season.
Bow	hairpiece, pretty, weapon used to hunt animals, means of death. 
Bow	a hunting equipment, can be crafted by hand, made from wood, metal, carbon, shoots arrows, can used to kill,
Bow	in hair, little girls, childish, on top of presents, bright colors
Bow	bend at the waist, form on respect
Bow	made of ribbon or other material, from tying a knot with loops left artistically exposed, used a decoration for hair or packages
Bow	bend, arch, curtsy, arc, round, turn
Bow	is an act of bending the top part of your body forward to show respect for someone when people meet them, or as a way of thanking an audience, is a front part of a ship.
Bow	to lean forward to show respect, a weapon, shoots arrows, made of wood or metal, old fashioned, Native Americans used them, used to kill, made obsolete by guns, used in warfare 
Bow	arrow
Bow	neck tie, shooting apparatous, string, killing machine, plastic,and cloth materials. front of a boat, opposite of the sturn, bent
Bow	arrow, hunt, native American, archery, 
Bow	has more than one meaning, an object that can be put in little girls hair, used as a hunting device with an arrow, 
Bow	used for hunting, arrows, archery
Bow	tie, shooting arrows, curved shapes
Bow	used by indians in the past and today in hunting. some are wooden, some are plastic. there is a string that goes from one end of the bow to the other, and you shoot arrows from it to kill animals.
Bow	showing respect in some cultures, karati, 
Bow	Something you do when you are paying respect towards someone. formal concerts, royal parties. 
Bow	curved stick with a string that is used to shoot arrows, or a pretty decoration often made of ribbon and put on top of a gift or a girl's hair, a gesture made at the end of a performance or when receiving praise where you bend at the waiste, or the front of a boat that is slightly pointed.
Bow	A medieval weapon made from wood and flax to shoot arrows at people for hunting or fighting, OR a courtesy given to royals or people of higher class where you bend over and have your fave pointed down. 
Bow	bend the knee, body, or incline the head, as in reverence, submission, salutation, recognition, or acknowledgment, yield, submit, bend or curve downward.
Bow	is very sharpmade for huntinghave to be at close ranges
Bow	is a show of thanks, is used after performances, is bending at the waiste and lowering head,  
Bow	Many different colors, used in your hair, can refer to a tie, worn with suits, 
Bow	A type of knot. Used to decorate hair of a female. Used to wrap presents.
Bow	wedding, jewelry, diamonds, significant other
Bow	bow and arrow, bow tie, hair bow, formal events, archery
Bow	and arrow, archery, hunting, fall, deer
Bow	archery, launches arrows, ancient style weapon, can be made of wood, can be made of synthetic material object
Bow	and arrow, archery, hair bow,
Bow	is an accessory that one creates out of ribbon or fabric, can describe what one does when they band at the hips to thank an audience and communicate that they're finished with their presentation
Bow	arrow, dress, girls, pink, babies, cheerleaders 
Bow	used for hunting, has an arrow with the bow, also something that can be worn in hair, made out of ribbon
Bow	something that is tied, can be used in a girls hair, on a dress or on a tuxedo, can be a variety of colors, used to dress something up
Circus	elephant,acrobats, clowns, tight ropes, 
Circus	Circus is to clowns and giggles, elephants peanuts and popcorn.
Circus	Circus: clowns, popcorn, cotton candy, clown car, elephants, striped tent, attended while young, kids, costumes, "Dumbo", peanuts, lions, large crowds
Circus	elephants, clowns, performers, big top, large tents, trapeze, lots of kids, 
Circus	clown, fun, elephant, ropes, colors, tigers, tights, costumes
Circus	scary clowns
Circus	animals, daring stunts, tight rope, elephant, family fun
Circus	elephants, usually with paint on them, tight wire, creepy clowns, children, Ringling brothers and Barnum and Baileys, went to some as a kid 
Circus	joyful, creepy, clowns, animals, tents, colorful, amusing, children, entertainment, ring mastere
Circus	crazy, colors, animals, music, ring master, people, costumes, food, excitement
Circus	animals colorful crazy people tents magic 
Circus	entertainment with elephants, clowns, and silly talents
Circus	show, event, entertainment, clowns, acrobats, elephants, tigers, horses, tight rope, bearded lady, strong man, something you take children too, popcorn, peanuts, 
Circus	fun, many activities, an event, shows animals, has clowns, has a ringmaster, has an audience consisting of majority children, people wear stilts, extravagent costumes, has curcus freaks
Circus	entertainment, archaic, variety of different acts, freak-show, clowns, 
Circus	
Circus	clown, funny, animals, freaks, trapese, fire, hoops, beards, Britney Spears, audience, balloons, tickets, music, scary, make-up
Circus	a fun place, a scary place, a busy place, has cotton candy, has sugar, has animals, has clowns, sounds happy, feeling is fun and exciting, smiling faces
Circus	 Enjoyment
Circus	they have clowns, they are performances, tricks and shows, lots of games, good family time, people on tight ropes
Circus	in a tent, smells like popcorn, entertainment, wild animals, acrobats, crazy
Circus	fun, has clowns, has animals, joyous for kids, known is have cotton candy, fun toys, fun music, dramatic announcer, many acts, acrobatics
Circus	A group of attractions set up as entertainment for consumers.  Circus may include animal shows, clowns, food, and games (usually designed to take your money).  usually colorful, smells like greasy food and animals, sounds like a large group of people in a concentrated area.  No particular taste or feel.
Circus	clowns, monkey, elephants, tricycle, hoops of fire, audience, travels places to perform and put on shows, tricks, tight rope, flexible people, balance beam
Circus	three rings, lots of animals, clowns, dazzling acts, juggling, goofy music, ringmaster, too many people in a car, inside a tent, human cannonball, smells like poop, cotton candy, expensive toys that fall apart, always the same thing, acrobats
Circus	is always on the go, has food, has clowns, is entertaining, is big
Circus	where clowns come from..
Circus	elephant, lion, bear, trapeze, trampoline
Circus	clowns....so many clowns.
Circus	clownselephantsmonkeysanimalsfireringstentscolors
Circus	Big Top, Animals, Elephants, Camels, Trapeze, Human Canon, coming to JQH, cotton candy, peanuts, red
Circus	animals, crowded, dirty, talented people, strange people, movies, found on fair grounds, 
Circus	clowns, kangaroos, crazy tricks, elephants, happens in a tent, flexible girls
Circus	Children love it, has animals, big top, has a ringleader, has three rings, red and white tent, dust bowl era, elephants, trapeze artists, clowns, popcorn, tightrope walkers
Circus	A tent, elephants, clowns, peanuts, excitement, children, tight rope, fun, skill, entertainment, travels, acrobats, ring of fire.
Circus	fun, animals, people, cotton candy, cirque du solei, fire
Circus	fun for kids, smells like a zoo, tigers, elephants, monkeys, acrobats, ring leaders.
Circus	elephants, lions, tigers, arobats, incredible feats, peanuts, carnies, big tents, red/yellow stripes, exotic animals, fire, rings, ropes, balance, acts, clowns, wonder, excitement, horror. 
Circus	Clowns, elephants, people trying to get you to buy things, lights, animals, trainers, peanuts, acrobats, used for entertainment
Circus	elephants, red and white tent, tightrope walkers, fire breathers, lion tamers, acrobats, bearded woman, contortionist
Circus	elephants, acrobats, red, white, clowns, cotton candy, barnum and baiely, ring master, lion
Circus	an entertainment source, people doing tricks, animals doing routines, crowds of spectators
Circus	animals, ring master,clowns, cotton candy, acrobats, face paint, peanuts, snow-cones,little kids, fun
Circus	is a travelling company of performers, include acrobats, clowns, trained animal, trapeze act,unicyclists, hoopers, mucsicans, tightrope walkers, jugglers and stunt-oriented artist.
Circus	silly, tomfoolery, contains animals, elephants, tigers, lions, trainers, entertains children, freaks work there, people perform their otherwise useless talents, sword swallowers, bikers, fire eaters, a scam, shady businessmen, 1930s, exploitative, Barnum and Bailey, annoying announcers, acrobats, corny, loud, smells terrible, popcorn everywhere, crappy souvenirs, obnoxious, crowded, hot, full of bright colors and flashing lights
Circus	clown, elaphant
Circus	clowns, tigers, tight ropes, elephants, balls, tents, colorful, loud, musical, cotton candy, smells like poop cotton candy and popcorn, lots of people and little children
Circus	clowns, tightrope, lions, elephants, cotton candy, big top, jugglers
Circus	clowns, acrobats, fun, colorful
Circus	entertainment, loud music, games, acrobats, exotic animals, kids, food, tents
Circus	lights, acrabatics, elephants, ring man, aerobics, hula hoops, cameras, action-packed
Circus	something for entertainment, a variety of animals like tigers, elephants, giraffes, etc. a lot of different acts-acrobats, fire breathers, sword throwers, etc. three rings, tents, clowns.
Circus	an event for kids, clowns, family fun, travel, 
Circus	clowns, elephants, tigers, hoops, flames, dirt bikes, magic tricks, weird looking people dressed up. Big tents. 
Circus	elephants, striped tents, popcorn, cotton candy, acrobats, magicians, clowns, balloon animal making people, mistreatment of animals, hard life to live.
Circus	A place where abnormal things happen with elephants and clowns on stage.
Circus	public entertainment, presented in a tent, presents entertainments with officials, employees, performing animals, traveling wagons, tents, cages, and equipment, circular arena.
Circus	has many animalscan have unique people or animals
Circus	is a show, has performances by animals and people, is for amusement, 
Circus	is in a big tent, has clowns elephants, tigers, different acts. 
Circus	A family fun event. Used to show off strange talents. Often have ringmasters, eliphants and stilts.
Circus	sew, grandmas, scarfs, those sticks you knit with, yarn 
Circus	clowns, elephants, laughter, performances, funny people
Circus	elephants, little kids, clowns 
Circus	animals, feats or acts of impress, enjoyment, entertainment, ring master, trapeze, tightrope, clowns
Circus	clowns, scary, elephants, fire, animals, loud, little kids, juggling, acrobats
Circus	describes a chaotic place, is a place with many animals with talent, is a place with people with creative talents
Circus	elephants, clowns, cotton candy, peanuts, monkeys 
Circus	clowns, elephants, acrobats, cotton candy
Circus	where tents are, elephants, side shows, clowns, to eat popcorn, smells of cotton candy, arenas to see shows, a lot of people come to enjoy the show
Doctor	nurse, see them when sick or hurt
Doctor	doctor is to sick hospitals, needles and medician
Doctor	Doctor: medical school, helps people, anyone with a doctorate, used as a title such as Mrs. and Mr., smells of hospitals, sterile
Doctor	hospital, lots of schooling, wears white, diagnoses ill people, perform surgery, lots of money,
Doctor	medicine, apples, pills, smart, bad handwriting, blood
Doctor	Someone you go to when sick, surgeon, diagnoses diseases
Doctor	dds, gynecologist, nurse, diagnose the problem, writes perscriptions
Doctor	doctor: helps you when you're sick or hurt, go to once a year for check ups, different types for different parts of the body or ages, a lot of schooling,lab coats, and other surgical or medicinal tools
Doctor	scrubs, coats, hospital, office, practice, private practice, help people, surgery, sickness, health, physicals, medicine
Doctor	schooling, saves lives, hard work, respected, makes a lot of money, white coat
Doctor	sick needles white coat cold
Doctor	ill, sick, scrubs, helpful
Doctor	medicine, job, hospital, health, patients, nurses, cure, sickness, treatment,
Doctor	someone highly educated, can be many types of a doctor (degree wise, medical doctor, psychological doctor), can specialize in a wide variety of things, helps the betterment of other people, earns a lot of money, performs surgeries, can diagnose, can cure sicknesses, can prescribe medications
Doctor	is a person trained in the medical field, heals, makes money, treats patients, saves lives
Doctor	
Doctor	nurse, smart, blood, sexy, rich, stethescope, life saver, long waiting rooms, paperwork, machines, medicine, smells, death, hospitals, diseases, Grey's Anatomy
Doctor	is someone who helps you, must go through school, must work hard, wears a white lab coat, has many tools and instruments, makes a lot of money, works a lot, always busy
Doctor	Care
Doctor	person to trust, authority, helps people get better, a lot of training, 
Doctor	smart, lots of schooling, surgery, physicals, wealthy, confident, helps sick people.
Doctor	very helpful person, takes many years of schooling, very prestigious career, many different areas for the career, abbreviated Dr., can also be a professor, can be a teacher with a doctorate degree, usually assumed in the medical area
Doctor	A practitioner of medicine.  Man or woman, physical properties of a human, varied height, weight, and other physical features.  Diagnoses and treats physical or mental ailments of patients.  
Doctor	is a career; stethoscope, hospital, blood, gloves, smart, makes a lot of money, surgery, helps cure people, extensive schooling
Doctor	takes lots of schooling, makes a lot of money generally, tend to be smart people, go see one when you're sick, diagnoses illness, prescribes medicine, works at a hospital or clinic, wears a white jacket, sloppy handwriting
Doctor	is helpful, is smart, fixes people, gives shots, takes x-rays
Doctor	Govt. Assassin
Doctor	check-up, shots, procedures
Doctor	Pepper.
Doctor	physicalsmarthelpssurgery
Doctor	makes you feel better, hospital, medicine, stethoscope, medical field
Doctor	trust, medical degree, science, white coat, health, fitness, usually male, some females, 
Doctor	helps poeple, rich, smart, wears white cloak
Doctor	medical, schooling, intelligence, wears white coat, scrubs, long shifts, hospitals, sickness, illness, bedside manner, medicine.
Doctor	Fixes people, gives shots, heals sicknesses, mends wounds, has a white coat, scrubs, insurance.
Doctor	results, scared, surgery, news, skeptical, answers, helpful
Doctor	helper, hard working, stressful job, 24/7 job, wears a white jacket, always has a stethescope around his neck. smart, a lot of schooling. 
Doctor	person, helpful, trained in the medical field, expert, diagnoses, usually male, white lab coat, treats medical conditions, compassionate, tall, trusted, respected, respectful, human. 
Doctor	Healer, someone with answers, knowledgeable, 
Doctor	physician, helpful, tongue depressors, shots, physicals, blood pressure cuffs, heart monitors
Doctor	long, white coat, gloves, stethoscope, Ph. D, x-rays, hospital, rich, tall, males, glasses, intelligent
Doctor	a person who has undergone a good deal of schooling and is able to diagnose patients, deal with illness and prescribe medication
Doctor	medical school,nurses, office, lab, lab coats, needles, medicine, waiting room, bills, surgery, casts, band-aids, tests,x-rays
Doctor	is a written abbreviation Dr someone who is trained to treat people who are ill, is someone who holds the highest level of degree given by a unversity.
Doctor	a medical professional, aids people, helps those in needs, cures illnesses, surgeons, intelligent, work long hours, requires expensive degrees, make tons of money, generally looked up to, health professional, intelligent, wears white lab coats, wears rubber gloves, found in hospitals, kind, stressful job, diagnoses disease, prescribes medicine
Doctor	surgeon, stethoscope, sick
Doctor	sick, job, healthy, rich, helpful, person, white coat, smart, plactic gloves, surgery, 8 years of school, perscribes meds, works with nureses, diagnoses, a person  
Doctor	office, health, physician, medicine, surgery, babies, pills, shots, hospital
Doctor	is a person, can be male or female, helps sick people, gives medication to those who need it, works long hours, works with people of any age
Doctor	medicine, science, health care, specialty
Doctor	shots, medicine, stethascope, sonogram, seringe, anethesia, check-up, weight, height, eye test,
Doctor	someone who aids in the help of other people, seen as a very distinguished job because it's difficult to attain, very helpful people, they love to help others.
Doctor	helps you when sick, is a person, they are smart, go to alot of school, help people, people trust 
Doctor	a person that has graduated from medical school. a scholar. smart. knows about diseases and sicknesses. Can give you a prescription, Can make you feel better. Trustworthy people. They make a lot of money. 
Doctor	knowledgeable about human health, in a hospital or a private practice, went to school a long time, makes a lot of money, diagnoses and treats illnesses, sometimes need a specialist, does routine check-ups, need to make an appointment to see one.
Doctor	Someone who helps or cures patients, person with medical training on how to help sick people.
Doctor	person, walks, talks, listens, lives in a house, hasrelationships, communicates, liscened to practice medicine, as a psychian, surgeon, dentist, or veterinarian,  
Doctor	helps when sickpay moneymakes good moneyvery trustworthy
Doctor	is a profession, cures patients, is a respected profession, wears a white coat, is a title, is not just medical, refers to acedemic accomplishment
Doctor	Had a medical degree, so surgeries, deliver babies, check-up, many different types, save lives, 
Doctor	Somone who is determined to help people get well. Perscribes medicine to the sick. Very knowlegeable about the human body.
Doctor	falling, wet floors, slimy, lube
Doctor	white scrubs and lab jacket, medical school, trusted with serious lifechanging tasks, nurses to assist, needles, blood work, sanitation
Doctor	sick, physical, nurse, office, check-up, shots
Doctor	physician, advanced degree specializing, medical, academic,
Doctor	shots, stethascope, urine test, uncomfortable, gloves, tests, sanitary, clip board
Doctor	is a person who is licensed, is someone who provides care to the ill, goes through lots of school, is specialized in his field, makes a lot of money
Doctor	sick, shots, needles, medicine, hospital, injury, blood, toys
Doctor	scrubs, hospital, sickness, fever, is a scary person, can be helpful, a person, smart, well educated
Doctor	a person who helps people, wears a white coat, prescribes medicine, evaluates health, a person someone goes to to figure out what is wrong with them, usually friendly people, uses: needles, thermometers, thelescope, tongue, depressors, cotton balls, scale
Funny	laughing, good times
Funny	Funny is to giggle, smile and comedy 
Funny	Funny: entertainment, the Hangover, comedy, comical, something that induces laughter, hilarious, stupidity, silly, goofy
Funny	
Funny	clown, comedian, laugh, smile, youtube, comedy central, videos, 
Funny	Laugh
Funny	hilarious, makes people laugh, smile, joke, punchlines make people laugh
Funny	laughter, jokes, comedians, my dad's attempt at jokes, punchline, 
Funny	hilarious, jokes, comedy, smiles, laughter, good times, friends, comedians, people falling
Funny	hilarious, people, friends, comedians, comedies, jackass
Funny	jokes friends laughing 
Funny	laugh, silly
Funny	joke, comedian, laughter, hilarious, stand up, improve, comedy, 
Funny	ability to make people laugh, seeing good light in dark times, sometimes not serious, something humorous
Funny	is laughable, entertaining, joking, makes people smile and relax, is relative, comical, 
Funny	
Funny	laugh, joke, comedians, people falling, americas funniest home videos, giggle, cackle, smile, clown, YouTube
Funny	something that people say, a joke, an event that causes a smile or laugh, a funny looking outfit
Funny	loving 
Funny	Daniel Tosh. making people laugh, having a good time, making things more interesting, 
Funny	way of life, cannot live without it, makes us laugh, everyone needs it, brightens peoples days,
Funny	can be an action, an adjective, results in happiness, arbitrary term,  
Funny	Amusing, humorous.  Something that strikes us humans as odd or humorous, typically resulting in laughter.  has no physical properties.  A desired quality in many cultures, as well as a desired trait in mates.  Can be the result of a joke, or an unintentional action/saying.
Funny	is a human trait; comedians, humor, movies, laughing, jokes, 
Funny	laughable, humorous, not me, friends, comic pages, jokes, comedy, larry the cable guy
Funny	makes you laugh, is enjoyable, is relaxing, relieves stress
Funny	humerus 
Funny	laughter, smile
Funny	humorous.
Funny	laghter
Funny	makes you laugh, smile, jokes, bone, movies, comedy
Funny	personality trait
Funny	to laugh, smile, a joke can be funny
Funny	Humorous, chuckle, laugh, joke, some people are funny, some people aren't funny, comedians are sometimes funny, tv shows, movies, youtube videos
Funny	Laughter, jokes, humor, comedy, smiling, happiness.
Funny	people, comics
Funny	feel good, laughing, comedian, comedy, 
Funny	sense of humor, jokester, envokes laughter, entertaining. 
Funny	laughing, smiling, feeling good, comedy, 
Funny	happy, laughing, smiling, clowns
Funny	comedian, laughing, something odd looking,
Funny	something that makes you laugh, a subjective definition as something are funny to some people and not to others, humor
Funny	TV, clowns, comedians, jokes, laughing, snorting,pies in the face, giggling,amusing
Funny	is a person, who making people laugh
Funny	hilarious, laugh inducing, comical, unusual, ironic, silly, goofy, jokes, sarcasm, accidents
Funny	movie
Funny	jokes, emotion, laugh, comedy, cartoons, charistic, chuckel  
Funny	laugh, comics, sitcoms, comedy, jokes
Funny	jokes, movies, skits, makes people laugh
Funny	makes you laugh, comics, comedians, jokes, humor
Funny	laughter, comedy, comedians, happiness, good times
Funny	Something that is said or done that is humorous and makes you laugh. Lightens your mood and relieves stress and worry.
Funny	something you lough at, can be a person, can be a situation, can be in words, 
Funny	used to describe someone who makes people laugh. Comedians are funny. 
Funny	makes you laugh or at least smile, ironic, sarcastic, knock-knock joke, tension reliever, friendly, helps people bond, can be inappropriate.
Funny	Someone who makes people laugh.
Funny	providing fun, causing ammusement or laughter, amusing, comical, strange, peculiar, odd, suspicion.
Funny	comedianjokestv showsmoviesnewspaper
Funny	is a joke, is a remark, is a story, is a comic
Funny	Something you laugh at, having humor, being witty, telling jokes, 
Funny	Joke, Used to describe comedy. Is a adjective.
Funny	civil rights, authority, human rights, American, freedom
Funny	laughter, joy, amusement, comical, stand up comedy, odd, weird
Funny	humor, jokes, fun to be around, like
Funny	amusing, humorous, 
Funny	a joke, humorous, story, inside joke,
Funny	describes a characteristic that causes one to laugh, is a positive trait, causes joy
Funny	laugh, smile, hilarious
Funny	joke, comical, humorous, clowns, circus, 
Funny	something to laugh about, comedy, makes you feel good, makes one smile, entertainment on TV shows and at comedy clubs, enjoyment around friends, a prank
Gain	get something, gain weight
Gain	gain is to success, move forward succeed 
Gain	Gain: to add something on, can be related with numbers, add on characteristics, adding weight, adding financial wealth
Gain	is this supposed to be about the detergent?  green, smells good, washes clothes, sold at every large retailer.
Gain	weight, plus, positive, muscle, strength, laundry
Gain	add
Gain	improve, advance, increase
Gain	when something is added, usually seen as a positive when you gain something, unless it is weight because no one likes to gain weight,
Gain	given, put on (weight), get from something, opposite of loose 
Gain	weight, friends, laundry detergent, addition
Gain	calories food weight 
Gain	to acheive, not lost, receive
Gain	to be given something that you wanted/needed, to not be at a loss,
Gain	getting more, now having something you didn't before, learning something new, to acquire, earning
Gain	to add to ownership, to attain, wealth, positive, receive
Gain	
Gain	laundry, orange, clothes, wash, weight, aquire, obtain, absorb, rogain, grow, get, more, success, achieve, happy, 
Gain	a bad feeling, a good feeling, can depend on the situation, can be a reward, can be a consequence, can involve other people
Gain	Win
Gain	not lose, an improvement, an addition to something, 
Gain	weight, wealth, adding to anything, control, strength
Gain	to add on to, can be positive or negative, acquisition, to rise
Gain	Opposite of loss.  The acquirement of something, tangible or not.  no physical properties.  Gain is typically considered a good thing, such as a gain in money, knowledge, or experience.  
Gain	weight, advantage, speed, fabric softener, points, obtain, absorb, acquire, grow, more, success, achieve, receive
Gain	to get more, to increase, to be better off, weight, status, an improvement, 
Gain	a personal achievement, a win, victory, success 
Gain	opposite f loss
Gain	get more of, weight
Gain	to recieve anything of positive nature.
Gain	adding tomore than before
Gain	earn, grow, add more, gain weight, gain knowledge, gain skills
Gain	to obtain, usually a good thing
Gain	to add something
Gain	Can gain weight, can gain trust, can gain attention
Gain	Advance, move forward, progress, to add on, to grow.
Gain	wealth, health, weight
Gain	improvement, obtain, prosper, excel, achieve, inherit.
Gain	to achieve something. 
Gain	Positive, thinking, recieve something, in possesion
Gain	moving up in the world, add something
Gain	weight, knowlegde, power, authority, receiving something
Gain	profit, to acquire something
Gain	to take something in, presents
Gain	is advantage, or improvement, especially one achieved by planning or effort, is an increase in the amount or level of something, is a profit, when this seems to be the only thing someone is intereted in.
Gain	achieve, to get, to win, to obtain something desirable, something better, a better position or item, to come out on top, to be better off than before
Gain	weight
Gain	winning, too much weight, more, adding, a step ahead, competition, catching up, 
Gain	achieve, add to
Gain	add, increase weight, 
Gain	get ahead, lead, earn, collect, increase
Gain	knowledge, money, power
Gain	something you've earned or recieved, you could gain status, recognition, or respect at your job or gain weight.
Gain	
Gain	farmers grow it. it is yellowish and can fall apart easily. We use it to make bread and other goods. We can distill with it to make alcoholic beverages. 
Gain	get more, can be weight or money or prestige, positive, a good thing.
Gain	Something taken from an experience or thought, you leave with something more, either good or bad.
Gain	to get, result of one's efforts, gain possession of an object, increase, or addition, to win, get in a competition.
Gain	to increasecan apply to weighcosts money
Gain	is a profit, is an addition, is an increase, is an improvement
Gain	can refer to weight, meaning you have obtained more
Gain	Something that you get out of doing a task. Something you get out of a deal or agreement.
Gain	sports, laugh, games, being goofy
Gain	to get something, more than one had, a type of laundry detergent
Gain	more, higher, succeed
Gain	increase, any change that is more than the previous state
Gain	weight, time, intelligence, 
Gain	is something added, describes when a subject receives something
Gain	loss, weight, big
Gain	to add something, laundry detergent
Gain	to obtain something such a a prize or knowledge, can be used to value
Girl	not a boy, pink, dolls 
Girl	Girl is to woman, lady like, tall, short, medium, chubby, sensitive, happy, colorful.
Girl	Girl: not a boy, dresses, pigtails, high pitched voices, pink, bows, frilly things, heels, long hair, stocking, tights, bras, makeup, sentimental, maternal, sister
Girl	young female, innocent, 
Girl	hot, pretty, feminane, hair, make up, snotty, emotional, moody,
Girl	Female
Girl	women, woman, person, gender
Girl	female, can have children, breasts, feminine, makeup, and other cosmetic necessities, 
Girl	makeup, boy crazy, fashion, appearance, self confidence, cranky, emotional, mean, love, roller coasters, fairytales 
Girl	body, apparel, weight, apperance, boys, attitudes
Girl	pretty blonde smart 
Girl	not a boy, female reproductive organs
Girl	female, young woman, 
Girl	female, has female parts, more emotional, delicate, sensitive, young
Girl	female, typically refers to young female, pretty, feminine, pink
Girl	
Girl	female, teenager, pregnancy, pink, boobs, vagina, long hair, nailpolish, likes boys, 
Girl	pretty, female, lots of friend, long hair, short hair, short, tall, lots of shoes, lots of clothes, alone, tired, stressed, happy, is athletic, is involved, is driven
Girl	Pretty 
Girl	boy, crushes, cute, long hair, wear dresses, doing make up, high heels
Girl	long hair, breasts, smooth, beautiful, loving, give birth, sweet, sensitive
Girl	female, school- age female, slang for female
Girl	Female.  Usually implies a young female human.  identifies gender, that comes along with numerous stereotypes and expectations.  Physically, girls are born with female genitalia, along with increased level of estrogen (compared to that of males), which affects a number of physical traits, such as: voice timbre, hair growth, and physical body structure.  The word girl has no physical properties, except that which is common to females.
Girl	human, me, independent, gender opposite from boy, attracted to boys, dancers or athletes, smart, successful, sassy, gossip, shopping, painting nails, facials, make-up, moms, grandmas, breast cancer, strong inside and out, jewelry, hair styles, pretty dresses, celebrities, boobs, perfume, flowers, sappy movies, girly girl or tomboy, purses, bikinis, hairspray, loves weddings, has periods and gives birth
Girl	female, opposite of boy, younger than a woman or lady, wears feminine clothing, likes make-up and dressing up, has tea parties, plays with baby dolls
Girl	has long hair, drinks water, eats food, can swim, live on land, can run, can walk, can talk
Girl	opposite of boy, female. Can have babies!
Girl	dress, hair, clothes
Girl	A "Girl" is a female that is under the age of 28 years old.
Girl	hairjewlreyvaginababies
Girl	pink, nail polish, make-up, dresses, high heels, purse, jewelry, 
Girl	Opposite of boy, clothes, hair, shoes, love
Girl	female,has long hair, pretty, wears make-up
Girl	feminine, pink, girly, smaller than men, delicate, rosy, fluffy, light, compassionate, helpful, emotional
Girl	Long hair, high voice, likes the color pink, have babies, skin,  muscles, two arms, hands, legs, feet, ears and eyes, has the five senses.
Girl	young, playful, fun going, boy, woman, mother, panties
Girl	most use make up, smart, child bearer, supporting, nurturing, cook, cleaner, 
Girl	female, breasts, beautiful, makeup wearing, feminine, curves, happy. 
Girl	a fragile thing, quiet, peaceful, giddy, 
Girl	female, apple in the garden of eden, curves, children, soft, compassionate
Girl	long hair, breasts, make-up, fitted clothing,
Girl	not a boy, xx chromosomes, usually refers to a child
Girl	skirts,bras,panties,long hair, high heels, purses,perfume, tampons, bikinis, shoes, clothes,necklaces, earrings, rings,ribbons, pink, females
Girl	is a female child, is a daughter, is a word, which meaning a woman, especially a young woman, is considered offensive by some women, is a woman who have a romantic relationship with a men.
Girl	is female, young, human, may wear dresses, may have long hair, thinks and acts intelligently, around half of the population, opposite of a man, can have babies
Girl	woman
Girl	pretty, sweet smells, strong, powerful indivigual, emotional, mean, child bearing. my sister, higher pich voice. estrogen, low levels of testosterone, atomically different than male. not yet a woman.
Girl	dress, dolls, makeup, ribbons, pink, female
Girl	femine, not a boy, has two x chromosomes
Girl	female, pink, beautiful, pleasant, organized, kind hearted, mother, babies, bride, soft voice, long hair
Girl	pretty, smell good, lotion, perfume, hair conditioner, shapoo, hair dye, boys, clothes, shoes
Girl	a young female. they play dressup, play with dolls, etc. people usually adore them, some are spoiled by their parents.
Girl	a sex, a clasification, guys marry, 
Girl	a female. produces eggs. Can give birth. Has breasts. Curvy. soft facial features. Wears makeup. Wears tighter clothes. fashion. Shopping.
Girl	human, estrogen, female physical characteristics, emotional, expressive, communicative, concerned with beauty and relationships.
Girl	A female in adolescence. 
Girl	female, child, from birth to full growth, young, immature women, unmarried, no children, a daughter, a sister, girlfriend.
Girl	womenmothersisterauntcan be caring
Girl	is a female, opposite of a boy, is generally more loving, caring, and emotional than a boy, is younger than a woman 
Girl	Is female, has xy chromosomes, long hair, ovaries, has babies, menstrual cycle,  
Girl	The reproductive gender. Can have babies, are generally more emotionaly sensative than males. The male counterpart. Does not produce testoserone.
Girl	predict, "I know", I'm right
Girl	female gender, the color pink, dolls, earrings and lipstick, nail polish, hair salons, talkative, sensitivity, vulnerable
Girl	vagina, woman, atractive
Girl	female, gender based assessment, 
Girl	dramatic, crazy, hair, 
Girl	is a female, is different from a male, can have babies, are feminine, are annoying
Girl	boy, mother, daughter, feelings, barbies, dolls, pink 
Girl	xx chromosomes, is usually more emotional, found everywhere, female
Girl	a person, a female, likes to dress up, plays with dolls, loves hair clips and accessories, likes to wear dresses, loves princess things or fairies
Graduation	achievement
Graduation	Graduation is to success, high school college completed. family friends party's celebrations
Graduation	Graduation: a ending, a beginning, a climatic change, terrifying, exciting, a final paragraph to a chapter in your life, cap and gown, parting with old friends, growing up, moving on
Graduation	lots of people, grandparents in town, celebration, cap and gown, gifts, speeches
Graduation	high school, diploma, college, degree, cap, gown
Graduation	An event that happens when you have successfully completed all of the required course work for high school or college.
Graduation	completion, valediction, attainment, ceremony, commencement
Graduation	high school, college, completing one part of your education and either moving on or moving onto the real world and getting a job, a new phase in life
Graduation	celebration, growing up, happiness, congratulations, friends, family, speeches, gowns, teachers, principals, cameras, memories, accomplishments. 
Graduation	of high school or college, big accomplishment, diploma, gown, friends, shcool, memeories, hard work
Graduation	high school cap gown diploma accomplishment 
Graduation	ceremony, acheivment, cap and gowns, dipomas
Graduation	finishing a level of one thing, is an honor, is an accomplishment, moving up
Graduation	completing schooling, moving on, getting a diploma, moving out, growing older
Graduation	is a ceremony of achievement, has pomp and circumstance, has graduates, positive, cheerful, relief
Graduation	
Graduation	caps, gowns, diplomas, looked forward to, scary, long, emotional, family, happy, tassels, speeches, valedictorian
Graduation	a happy day, a big celebrations, lots of family, presents for the person, lots of money, friends and family, balloons and streamers, a long day, a fun day
Graduation	Succeed
Graduation	becoming an adult, going to college, moving out, going out into the world, more independence 
Graduation	important, stepping stone, gateway to adulthood, family, school, college, high school.
Graduation	a ceremony, results with great happiness, graduates usually do get presents, very prestigious, results in an award
Graduation	Completion of a stage or phase.  Many times applied to exiting high school or college.  Seen as a positive thing.  Can also be applied to a slow change in something. Not a physical item, but can be an event (High school graduation).
Graduation	ceremony for completing grade school, high school, college, graduate school; moving on from one point of your life and advancing to another, caps and gowns, diplomas
Graduation	wear a robe, get out of high school, get a diploma, go to college, get out of college, get another diploma, last time to see many friends, long speeches, everyone wears flat hats, everyone throws those hats, walk with a good friend
Graduation	is stressful, is big part of a persons life, people wear caps, people wear gowns, people wear chords
Graduation	completing something
Graduation	diploma, hat, tassle
Graduation	to achieve success and be recognized for it.
Graduation	hatsgownsparties
Graduation	Moving on, High School, College, Growing up
Graduation	right of passage, closes on chapter and opens a new, high school, college, caps and gowns, happy feelings, exciting feelings
Graduation	to move onto something else, a millstone in ones life, an accomplishment
Graduation	wear a cap and gown, at the end of a school career, produces a sense of pride, pomp and circumstance, moving to a new step in life
Graduation	Party, moving on, succeeding, cap and gown, speeches, dress clothes, celebration.
Graduation	freedom, responsibility, caps and gowns, ceremony, after party, college, good byes, growing up
Graduation	happy teens, new chapter, milestone, accomplishment, achievement, reward, needed to get into the workforce.
Graduation	excitement, freedom, nervous, hard to imagine. 
Graduation	the end of something, either educational or work wise,
Graduation	happy, milestone, celebration, anticipated
Graduation	cap, gown, ceremony, flowers, smiling faces, feeling accomplished,diploma
Graduation	completing the tasks necessary to finish a phase of schooling, a milestone, a rite of passage
Graduation	party, end of high school/college, jobs, real world
Graduation	is a ceremony,which you receive a unversity degree, is the time when student completes a unversity degree course or education at an school. is a mark on an instrument or container used for measuring.
Graduation	successful, reward, ceremony, uptight, judged, uncomfortable robes, speeches, funny hats, a celebration, moving on from something, victory
Graduation	exciting
Graduation	Celebration, success, gowns, caps. deploma, presents, new chapter in life, emotional, pre-k, kindergarden, high school, college. and recieving a certificate
Graduation	commencement, end of period, ceremony, high school, college
Graduation	an accomplishment, a ceremony
Graduation	big event, celebration, rite of passage, cap and gown, friends, memories, milestone, family, diploma, feeling of completion, success
Graduation	Awesome, fun times, happy times, future, steps forward, growing up, adulthood
Graduation	completing something, usally referring to high school or college. seen as a major accomplishment in life and making peope, typically parents, very proud of you. it's a great celebration.
Graduation	an honor, moving on, something you work for
Graduation	18. You have reached adulthood. You have been taught the basics of the "real world". You wear a cap and gown. There is a ceremony. You get a diploma. You have a party with cake. Then you move on with your life. 
Graduation	completing school, important for getting a job, for high school or college or graduate school or some other program, wear ugly gowns and stoels and flat topped hats with tassles, boring ceremony, pomp and circumstance.
Graduation	Finishing a degree of schooling and meeting all requirements to move on to another school or job.
Graduation	ceremony, getting your diploma, graduating, arrangement in degrees, levels, or rank, students, academic advisors.
Graduation	your senior yearrecieve gifts
Graduation	is an event, is an accomplishment, ceremony, is an achievement, completion of acedemics, followed by parties to celebrate 
Graduation	Going to another level, progressing to a new stage in life
Graduation	The completion of highschool. What every highschool kid wishes to achieve. Also used to describe the completion of a long awaited task. Ex; college, highschool, boy scouts and other programs.
Graduation	safari, tigers, monkeys, leopards, trees, tarzan, rain forest
Graduation	cap and gown, a feeling of accomplishment, taking the next step in life, big audience, rewards, crossroads in life
Graduation	party, success, relief, new chapter
Graduation	ceremony marking the end of training or education of some sort, can take place indoors or out, formal setting, cap and gown, 
Graduation	high school, college, rite of passage, importance, family, significance, diploma, degree
Graduation	is an event in an one person's completion of an education level, is a happy moment, is a sad moment, is a closing to one door and an opening to another
Graduation	high school, senior, diploma, cap, gown, award, proud
Graduation	end of a chapter in your life, accomplishment, big day
Graduation	going on to the next level, have reached a goal of knowledge, to wear a cap and gown, to walk down a stage, to receive a diploma, feeling of accomplishment and pride, something you do after high school or college, gives a person creditability 
Help	need someone, need something
Help	Help is to needed. volunteer give 
Help	Help: a movie, a book, assistance of some sort, assisting someone in need, lending a hand, getting therapy for some sort of mental illness
Help	
Help	maintenance, desk, caring, people, 
Help	support.
Help	assistance, aid, benefit, support, help the needy
Help	when you a in a pickle and you need assistance, beatles song, when a job is to much for just you to handle and you need backup
Help	teachers, friends, family, strangers, giving assistance
Help	in emergency, with homework, with advice, with boys/girls, serious word
Help	danger scared emergency red 
Help	need assistance
Help	to assist someone, support, people may or may not ask for it when they need it
Help	to assist, to aid, requiring attention, in need of assistence
Help	is another word for aid, positive, assists, service, 
Help	
Help	in danger, need assistance, police, 911, lend a hand, can't do it alone, lost, confused
Help	something everyone needs, another person who is there for you, must ask for it, can be a bad feeling, can cause reassurance 
Help	Hard
Help	doing something to assist someone, understanding, most people will
Help	wanted, needed, people who need something or cannot do something on their own. everyone can use it sometimes
Help	a nice offering, can be used in many areas, occur with many professions, occurs in everyone's life, every one helps, everyone gets help, some people do not want help
Help	Assistance.  Working to improve or speed up a process or task that someone/thing besides yourself is doing.  Seen as a good thing in many cultures.  No physical properties.  
Help	please and thank you, volunteer, ask in order to receive it, generous, kind, charity work, useful in getting tasks done, as small as opening a door for someone to as big as helping someone recover from alcoholism
Help	to assist, makes oneself feel better about themselves, improving someone elses life or situation, to offer aid, can be sought, should be asked for if needed, can be cried out for
Help	assistance, reassurance, clears confusion
Help	what i need when i do math homework
Help	assistance
Help	help me answer this please
Help	learnassistance
Help	assistance doing different things, help wanted, 
Help	necessary, hopeless, easily found if wanted
Help	needing assistance physically, mentally
Help	aid, servent, people who work for other people, neediness, salvation army, red cross, charities
Help	Assistance, to do a deed for someone, people working to solve anothers issues.
Help	teacher, emergency, tutor
Help	Assistance, Nanny, babysitter, aid, teamwork.
Help	emergency responders, being nice, acts of kindness, something everyone is capable of, nurses, firemen, doctors, passed on, easy to do, not time consuming, volunteering, assisting those in need. 
Help	911, humanitarianism, to come to one's aid, 
Help	questions, needing of answers, confusion
Help	911, someone is in trouble, something bad has happened, in need of assistance
Help	to assist, often given to young and old people, required when doing something that is beyond your capabilities
Help	help desk, welcome centers,question and answer, confused
Help	is a thing, to make it easier or possible for someone to do something, if someone or something is a help to you, they are useful and make it easier for you to do something, advice, treatment, information, or money which is given to people who need it. is a part, in a computer program that helps someone using it by giving additional information.
Help	in need of assistance, desperate, needs others, in trouble, danger, lost, relies on kindness of other people, advice, superheroes, in over one's head
Help	trouble, sick
Help	always wanted, volenteer, holding the door, apperciated, gentelman, needed, tutor, kind 
Help	assistance, emergency, tutoring
Help	assisting someone, rewarding
Help	teach, support, answers, guidance, tutorial
Help	needy, homeless, friends, family, anyone
Help	Assisting someone with something they can't do on their own, or asking for assistance for something you can't do on your own. 
Help	need assistantce, everyone needs it, makes thing easyer, 
Help	Is a word that people say when they are in danger or are having difficulty doing something. The Help is a good book and movie.  
Help	aid, kind, giving, selfless, give money or time or expertise, physical or emotional, needed after disasters and tragedies, explaining concepts or information for school work.
Help	To provide guidance or aide to someone or something, to try and alleviate pain or reduce stress, provide care for someone.
Help	give, or provide assistance, satisfy a need, contribute strength, cooperate effectively with, save, rescue.
Help	from friends normallyneeded in life
Help	is the act of aiding others, can be sent for, can be called for, can refer to a person  
Help	 can be given or taken
Help	Used to describe somone in need. Assitance in a certain field.
Help	soldiers, uniforms, guns, dirt, camouflage, commercials and some movies
Help	offering service to someone, helping in charity events, doing volunteer work, helping out family members with simple tasks, making a task easier for someone
Help	assistance, in need, relying, emergency, 911
Help	assistance, to aid in the completion of a task
Help	danger, bad situations, police, ambulance, 
Help	is something asked, is something needed when in danger, is assistance, is a kind gesture
Help	teacher, school, smart, reassurance, direction
Help	someone gives help to another, is a good deed, you may need help on an assignment, it is something you can ask for. 
Help	in danger, need of assistance, in of need a doctor, not safe, people try to avoid this, not pleasurable 
Hog	a wild pig 
Hog	hog is to pig, mud, corn  oink oink
Hog	Hog: pig, boar, animal, farm, stink, mud, gross, trough, farming, agriculture, curly tail, Charlotte's web, ham, bacon, pork
Hog	
Hog	Razorbacks, bike, pig, food, mud, selfish
Hog	pig
Hog	pig, smelly, farm animal, bacon, pork
Hog	a wild hog that lives in the woods, usually pretty mean and aggressive, wild hogs have sharp teeth and when attack can cause harm, or if something is hogging the blanket, they are not sharing equally
Hog	pig, pink, black and white, little or big, farm, rolls around in mud, or someone who takes all of something, does not share
Hog	pig, stealing the blankets or food
Hog	dirty animalfarmmud 
Hog	a pig, 4 legs, brown, large with a snout
Hog	animal, pig, mammal, dirty
Hog	a pig, someone/an animal consuming a lot of somthing, bigger in size, four legged, curly tail, has a snout, makes bacon, is messy, is smelly, is dirty
Hog	is a type of mammal, squeals, is used for food, can be domesticated, wallows, eats from trough, can refer to a selfish person
Hog	
Hog	pig, an animal, rolls around in mud, motorcycle, made of metal, makes bacon, eats slop, oinks, dirty
Hog	a fat pig, found on the far, dirty, runs around in a en, eats out of a trough, prize winners, snorts and whines, squeals, 
Hog	Overshare 
Hog	pig, used as a source of food, they are dirty, roll in mud, squeal really loud, on farms 
Hog	pigs, tusks, boar, bacon, ham, roast, mammal, farm, babe, wild, some hair, smart, do not sweat, squeal.
Hog	an animal, an adjective, rolls in mud, related to the pig, eaten by people, rolls in mud, snorts
Hog	An animal belonging to the family that also contains pigs and boars.  Often larger than domestic pigs, can have prickly fur, snorts or squeaks, taste is probably similar to that of a pig, except with a more "wild" taste.  Hogs are typically considered wild.lives in wooded areas or swampier environments.
Hog	is an animal, another name for pig, rolls around in mud, also a motorcycle 
Hog	arkansas razorbacks, pig, pork, lives in a sty, where bacon comes from, smoke its "butt", goes oink, wild ones are mean, protective of their young, found in missouri, wild ones can be shot on site, have tusks
Hog	is a wild animal, is a pig, has hair, runs, oinks, has tusks, hunted by people, is edible, has short legs, stinks
Hog	pig
Hog	pig, fat
Hog	"Hog" is a pig. it is pink, has a snout. can find truffles.
Hog	Arkansas Razorbacks
Hog	an animal, pig, Arkansas, red and white, Woo Pig Sooie
Hog	pig, dirty, found in the wild, big, hairy, scary, violent, hunting 
Hog	a big pig, nasty, smelly, pink or brown, lives near mud, eats out of a trouf, snorts
Hog	is a pig, is an animal, has tusks, can be feral, eventually makes bacon, walks, has hooves, eaten by people, babies are called piglets.
Hog	A boar, has tusks, has fur, lives in the wild, dangerous, has a snout, grunts, has four legs, hunted by people.
Hog	pig, basketball
Hog	pig, its an animal, fat, short stubby legs, stinky, edible, killed for food, lives on a farm.
Hog	pig, muddy, edible, nasty, repulsive. 
Hog	an mamal, lives in the woods or on a farm, they smell, will eat anything, humans eat them, 
Hog	pig, farms, mud, charlotte's web
Hog	pig, takes things from people, takes too much
Hog	a pig, or someone who eats a lot, thought to be dirty, negative connotations
Hog	pigs, hog roast, bon fires, bacon
Hog	is a pig, is an animal, is and omnivorous kind of animal, fat body, short limbs, long nose, flesh tone edible, is easy to raise the adaptive faculty strong, fast breeding, is a greedy person, not satisfied.
Hog	to take all of something, to not share, a pig, animal, loud, messy, greedy, smelly, gross, dirty, eaten for pork, farmers own them, live on farms, covered in mud, squeals, disgusting
Hog	bore, pig
Hog	meat, can be made into, chops, bacon, and sausage. pungent oder, oink oink, squeals, large or small in size, hairy, 
Hog	pigs, bacon, ham, sausage, pork chops, razorbacks, piglets
Hog	a animal, a person who takes more than their share of things
Hog	pig, large animal, dirty, farm, scraps, mud, curly tail, big belly
Hog	ugly, smelly, stinky, grimey, uncooth, not tamed
Hog	an adult pig, usually raised to be made into bacon, pork, sausage, etc. 
Hog	a pig, can be big, can be food, animal, in nature
Hog	A big pig like animal. A mammal. short snout. kind of furry. Also a reference for motorcycles. 
Hog	pig, dirty, eats junk, eats out of a trough, on a farm or in the wild, can have tusks, gross teeth, cloven hooves, grunts, is eaten, coarse hair, can be fierce, bacon, pink or spotted, funny nose, curly tail.
Hog	A degree of a pig that is made to be eaten by consumers.
Hog	a mammal, hoofs, raised for market, eats grass, or grain, walks, sleeps, large in size, lives wild, or in afarm, edible.
Hog	an animalused for foodcan make nose
Hog	a pig, an animal, is sloppy, is unclean
Hog	another name for pig, meaning someone eats a lot. 
Hog	A Mamal. often seen on farmlands.
Hog	rare, scarce
Hog	animal, a pig, agressive, hairy, scary
Hog	pig, big, hunt
Hog	swine, animal, pork, live on farms, smell badly, taste great when cooked, unacceptable in many religions, somewhat intelligent,eats slop
Hog	pig, ham, wild, wilderness, ugly
Hog	is an animal, is living, is refered to as something dirty, is killed for meat
Hog	pig, fat, food, 
Hog	pig-like animal, can be hunted, ugly-looking, walks around slowly, is usually black or brown
Hog	is an animal, lives in the wild, is aggressive, a dirty animal, can be hunted for, a big "pig", can be a variation of colors, has some sort of horns, not to be messed with
Honor	award, the best
Honor	Honor is to doing the right thing, challenges and succedding
Honor	Honor: homage, to hold someone with high regard, to give someone a special reward, respect,  someones integrity
Honor	
Honor	medal, truth, award, military, high rank, 
Honor	integrity
Honor	grace, integrity, decency, principle, nobility, character
Honor	when someone does something remarkable and they are given an award, when people praise them for their good doing, when they become a legend
Honor	excellence, rewarded, prized, special, congratulatory
Honor	respect, earned, well deserved
Honor	pride boy scouts flag dignity 
Honor	respect
Honor	an award, a metal, recognition, positive reinforcement,
Honor	pay special attention to, to dedicate, to stay faithful, hold to a higher standard, make more important, above the average
Honor	is a human ideal, integrity, pride, chivalry, drives behavior, motivates, intrinsic 
Honor	
Honor	maid of honor, important, integrity, award, happy, acheivement
Honor	a overwhelming feeling, pride and respect, a noble person, a good deed, happy faces, praise and reward
Honor	Pottery
Honor	telling the truth, doing what is right, not cheating
Honor	live by a moral code, not lying, selfless, helping people, doing what is right.
Honor	prestigious, can be mental or physical, can be an award, help with respect
Honor	Bringing respect or fair treatment. Honesty or Integrity. Not embarrassing or shaming oneself or one's family.  Fair treatment of others and self. Very important in certain cultures.  Not a concrete noun
Honor	award, courage, loyalty, vows, dog, husband, maid of honor, lion
Honor	Leaders have honor, it is a duty for many, respecting yourself, selflessness, integrity, holding yourself accountable, setting standards for yourself
Honor	pride, feels good, respect
Honor	opposite of dishonorable 
Honor	notice, applause
Honor	"Honor" is how you are held by society, it is a highly regarded person recognized by said society.
Honor	morals
Honor	loyalty, good grades, higher up classes, respecting 
Honor	truth, awards, kind hearted, respect 
Honor	to be gracious, someone who has succeeded 
Honor	trust, truthfulness, integrity, to be given something, to be bestowed upon
Honor	Valour, to have courage, to do what is right, bravery, respect.
Honor	metal, army, trust, respect, loyalty, country
Honor	praise, glorify, powerful, hold above other things.
Honor	pride, certificates, awards, happiness, medals, something that most strive for. 
Honor	Pride, fullfillment
Honor	grades, good academics, higher learning
Honor	medal, veteran, award, to give someone credit, recognize someone who has done a good deed,
Honor	superior, something that conveys pride
Honor	privilege, respect, recognized,worthy, praise  
Honor	is something that makes you proud, is respect, which family, country etc receive from other people, which makes feel pround.
Honor	chivalry, medieval knights, considered important, is given for doing the right thing, a reward, a prize, the elite, the upper class, those who are smartest, bestowed upon only those that deserve it, old fashioned
Honor	soldiers
Honor	dignity, resecpt, judge, heroic, commandment
Honor	soldier, hero, congressional medal, recognize, 
Honor	medal, certificate, not easy to get, rewarding
Honor	reputation, admire, deserving respect
Honor	family, friends, distingushable, prestige, hip hop honors
Honor	something you gain from others, you can earn medals of honor in war, people who have honor also usually have the respect of many people.
Honor	can be a class, giving to someone, means alot if givin to you
Honor	A feeling you get when you have done something good or right. Medals. Gold. Pictures. Audience. Applause. 
Honor	internal quality, sense of responsibility or truth or morality, can be given publicly for great things done- like military braveness or scientific discoveries, important characteristic
Honor	What you gain when doing something of worth in other people's eyes.
Honor	hnesty, fairness, or integrity, source of credit or distinction, high respect, worth,merit, or rank, fame glory.
Honor	has to be earnedthe highest valor you can recievecan do many different to earn
Honor	is a title, is a character description, used in golf for player to hit first, 
Honor	Doing whats right, having integrity, being honest 
Honor	Dignity. Something somone holds dear to them. The pride in something.
Honor	laugh, adrenaline, being active with a big group 
Honor	faithful, honesty, fairness, showing integrity, respect
Honor	hero, represent, succeed
Honor	trait, personal value, high esteem, worthy
Honor	system, medals, winning, bravery, war, awards, honesty, 
Honor	is recognizing someone for a specific thing, is a good award, is a positive thing
Honor	service, award, respect
Honor	to be proud of something/something, do recognize someone for doing something
Honor	something to be proud of , something you stand for, can be as a group of people or individual, knowledge you carry around with you 
Hound	dog
Hound	Hound is to dog, wolf, sounds, outside and full moon
Hound	Hound: dog, Elvis Presley, dog pound, wild dog, hunting dog, to harass someone or something
Hound	
Hound	dog, fox, hunting, nose, loud, animal
Hound	Dog
Hound	dog, hunting dog
Hound	dog, bloodhound, usually a hunting dog, Elvis song, you ain't nothing but a hound dog
Hound	dog, mut, hunting dogs
Hound	dog, harass
Hound	dog 
Hound	dog, used to hunt, playful, energetic, pet
Hound	dog, animal, mammal, hunting, mans best friend, pet
Hound	to press someone, a type of dog, a more aggressive dog
Hound	is a type of dog, hunts, is a mammal, has fur, barks, runs, domesticated, 
Hound	
Hound	another word for a dog, has long ears, big, seen in movies, Hound dog elvis, howls, gets pet, loud, hairy
Hound	a cute god, a good hunter, needed on the farms, helpful, cute eyes, long ears, brown fur, good pet, kids play with, chases balls, barks, eats food and drinks water, soft paws, give "kisses"
Hound	 Hunting
Hound	a dog, blood hound, hunting, a mean dog, wild, wilderness, trees, searching for something.
Hound	is a dog, is an animal, is furry, barks, bites, slobbers, licks, wags its tail, live in wild or as a house hold pet. has paws and is edible in some countries.
Hound	a dog, to search, to continually question, used by officials
Hound	Any number of dog breeds that were refined through selective breeding for the purpose of hunting or searching for game.  These dogs usually have a very keen sense of smell, as well as a useful disposition for tracking paths that animals have taken.  Physical traits are that of a dog (four legs, hairy, weight and height vary).  
Hound	is a type of dog, has long ears, is seen in movies as the sheriff's dog
Hound	dog, to hassle, fox and hound, bark, stray, mutt, from the pound, hunting dog, is an animal, mans best friend, eats dog food, has droopy ears, rides in pickup beds, likes to lay on the porch
Hound	a dog, has hair, has teeth, runs, barks, jumps, sleeps, eats
Hound	type of dog
Hound	dog, yell
Hound	"Hound" is synonymous to the word "dog". it is a four legged mammal. it will have fur/hair depending on the bread.
Hound	foxdogbarking
Hound	hound dog, to pressure, to annoy
Hound	dog, hunting dog, found in more rural areas, lazy, Fox and the Hound
Hound	is a dog, could be brown, black,ect. 
Hound	dog, hunting, fox and the hound movie, basset hound, long ears, 
Hound	Mutt, barking, howling, big, fur, floppy ears, paws, tail, animal, walks, eats, has puppies, dog, pet.
Hound	dog, bother, hunting, movies
Hound	companion, can be hunters, playful, is an animal, pet, long or short tails, they pant and bark.
Hound	dog, basset, beagle, large ears, big eyes, droopy snout, barks a lot, hunting dog, brown and white, cute, serious. 
Hound	is a synonym for dog, has hair, mammal, k9, teeth, collar, barking,racoon chaser, wild,lives with people
Hound	dog, hunting, sniffing, looking
Hound	type of dog, to antagonzie, bother, annoy, loud sounds,
Hound	a type of canine, used for hunting
Hound	dog, beagle, poodle, dog park, boxer,mutt, man's best friend
Hound	is a pet, is a dog, is fast, has a good sense of smell, used for hunting.
Hound	a dog, a canine, wolf, man's best friend, cute, domesticated, predators, used by hunters, kept as pets, kind of stupid, slobbery, big, loud bark, smelly, soft, gentle, can by obnoxious and wild, fit, strong, goofy, floppy ears, wags tail, come in many breeds, messy, sheds
Hound	dog, bark, kennel
Hound	breed of a dog, hore-hound candy, searching, determined.
Hound	dog, used to hunt, barks/brays, great sense of smell, used to track
Hound	an animal, a dog, blood hound
Hound	question, interrogate, make a big deal, repetition
Hound	dog, pup, annoying, hunter
Hound	a type of dog, usually used for hunting, fast runners, not big dogs.
Hound	a dog, an animal, someone that wants information out of you
Hound	a dog. Good at catching, finding, and smelling. long ears and a long snout. droopy eyes. long and short stature. 
Hound	dog, beagle, good sense of smell, droopy ears, bay at squirrels and up trees, brown and black and white, big black noses, droopy eyes, wagging tails.
Hound	A certain dog, that can be used for guarding or attack, but specifically used for hunting.
Hound	several breds of dogs, trained, sight, scent, long face, large drooping ears, active, run, walk, eat dog food, reproduce, live generslly in a house.
Hound	used for huntingis a dogcan bark
Hound	is a dog, has loud bark, mans best friend, many breeds, used for hunting, used as a guardian
Hound	A type of dog, brown color, floppy ears, 
Hound	Dog. Often used to describe a male who constianty chases different women. Greyhound.
Hound	inches, 8 ball, 8 am classes, my 8 year old brother
Hound	a dog, long face, drooping ears, hunt, track down, stay on someone's case
Hound	dog, hunting, dog cage, ducks
Hound	dog, animal, good pets, used in hunting, excellent sense of smell, long ears
Hound	dog
Hound	is a dog, is a way of describing what someone is doing when they're nagging, is an intelligent animal
Hound	dog, country, forest, rabbits, companion
Hound	can be a hound dog, 
Hound	a dog, its skills are used in hunting, they are good at tracking and retrieving, mainly used in game hunting, can be used in police work as blood dogs  
Klutz	falling,tripping,embarrising 
Klutz	
Klutz	Klutz: clumsy, lacking coordination, unable to walk in a straight line, trips over their own feet
Klutz	
Klutz	weak, ditzy, falling, uncoordinated, people
Klutz	drop, trip, forget
Klutz	uncoordinated, clumsy, not graceful, 
Klutz	someone who is not very coordinated and falls a lot, when someone trips over nothing really and takes a bad spill, falling on stairs, tripping over youself
Klutz	falling, tripping, dropping things, unlucky
Klutz	fall or trip, someone, funny, hurtful
Klutz	bandages falling down 
Klutz	clumsy, falls, off balance
Klutz	silly, tripping, clumsy, falling, bad balance, trip over your own feet, drop things,
Klutz	someone clumsy, has little coordination, is dopey, is unaware
Klutz	is a person who is clumsy, opposite of graceful, falls, breaks, gets hurt, 
Klutz	
Klutz	falls a lot, involved in unfortunate events, clumsy, funny, getting hurt a lot, tripping, knocking things over
Klutz	a person who trips, is embarrassing, is funny, is entertaining, fun to watch, feel bad for the person, don't want to be that person 
Klutz	 Dolt
Klutz	someone that's clumsy, someone who's ditsy, women with blonde hair
Klutz	dumb, not aware of surroundings, someone who is clumsy, slow, makes mistakes
Klutz	"two left feet", not graceful, falls a lot, hurts oneself, a person, can result in cuts bumps and bruises
Klutz	Someone who is uncoordinated, sloppy, or accident-prone. Physical properties depend on person. Socially regarded as a negative observation.  Person who is a klutz typically knocks objects over, trips more often than others, or wreaks havoc in a unintentional way.
Klutz	fall, hurt, clumsy, trip, dumb blond, giggles
Klutz	clumsy, blonde, dumb person, nitwit, generally clueless, trips on everything
Klutz	not smart, drops a lot of things, can't be trusted, annoying
Klutz	someone who is clumsily. 
Klutz	clumsy
Klutz	not winning.
Klutz	falling
Klutz	falls a lot, clumsy, unlucky
Klutz	clumsy, always tripping or running into tings, awkward 
Klutz	messy, falls, dangerous, funny, bad luck
Klutz	clumsy, falls over a lot, can't walk well, uncoordinated, 
Klutz	Clumsy, stumbles, falls a lot, breaks things, hurts themselves, drops objects, awkward.
Klutz	falling, bruises, dropping things
Klutz	clumsy, spastic, not paying attention. Jittery, crazy.
Klutz	clumsy, falls a lot, runs into things, drops things (butterfingers), trips, chaotic, unorganized. 
Klutz	women, high heels, 
Klutz	clumsy, falling down a lot, getting hurt frequently, breaking things
Klutz	bafoon, someone who trips and falls constantly, not aware of your surroundings,
Klutz	a person who falls a lot, not having good balance, not graceful
Klutz	falling, tripping, getting hurt,clumsy
Klutz	is someone who drops things and falls easily, is a statement of people who are stupid, are not smart.
Klutz	a person who is accident prone, causes problems, comical, gets in the way, falls down frequently, breaks things, not a careful person, clumsy, rushes through things, irresponsible, menace 
Klutz	women, attention
Klutz	falling, gangling, tripping, bruises, coordination issues. term. embarrassment. 
Klutz	clumsy, accident-prone, injury
Klutz	falling, knocking things over, describes a person
Klutz	clumsy, off balance, breaks things, drops things, bad hand eye coordination
Klutz	sloppy, tripping, dropping things, spilling things, ditzy
Klutz	someone who is uncoordinated and falls/drops things often, they also tend to knock things over, sometimes they can be dangerous depending on where they are (on the stairs for example)
Klutz	no clue what this is
Klutz	clumsy, not balanced. trips. falls. drops things. knocks things over. makes a mess. person to blame. 
Klutz	clumsy, ditzy, makes mistakes, falls and trips a lot, "all thumbs,"
Klutz	Someone who is clumsy and is always breaking things, not very agile.
Klutz	clumsy, awkward person, stupid, foolish person, falls a lot, spills things, trips easily.
Klutz	is clumsyhurts themselves a lotnot a good thing
Klutz	is an awkward person, is an uncordinated person, is a foolish person
Klutz	Has a lot of accidents, doesn't pay attention to surroundings 
Klutz	Somone who is very clumsy. Often used to describe somone who falls all the time.
Klutz	school, grades, library, time management 
Klutz	accident prone, always falling and tripping over everything
Klutz	funny, un cordinated, feel bad
Klutz	person, uncoordinated, clumsy, prone to accidents
Klutz	my friends, stumbling, falling, tripping, racing, running into things, 
Klutz	describes someone who is clumbsy, not hand eye coordination
Klutz	joke, dunce, idiot, stupid, clown, prank
Klutz	Clumsy, a person who isn't coordinated, is an accident waiting to happen
Klutz	a person falling over chairs, doesn't look where they are going, not paying attention, easily hurt, many accidents happening in a short period of time, noticeable, a person who blames other inanimate things 
Long	not short, lengthy
Long	long is to trip, string, challenges
Long	Long: not short, taking a good portion of length, stretched out, a great distance of length or time, a further distance in comparison to another (longer)
Long	
Long	surveys, short, distance, college beds, 
Long	not short
Long	short, many inches, feet or yards
Long	when something takes up a lot of space, or something like your hair going past your butt is seen as long, length, 
Long	length, opposite of short, yard stick, a mile
Long	length or width, legs, distance
Long	roads highways tall
Long	not short, stretched, continuous
Long	not short, length, 
Long	opposite of short, very tall, a large amount of something, a lot of footage, wide from point a to point b
Long	great distance between two points, opposite of short, is big, is relative
Long	
Long	penis, legs, hair, long johns, donuts, long time no see, longing, noodles, road, long nails, short
Long	is a tall person, can describe many things
Long	Forever
Long	narrow, corridor, tall, skinny
Long	roads, rivers, oceans,wide, never ending, winding
Long	of great length, opposite of short, can be length of time or a measure
Long	Opposite of short. Implies great distance or large amount of time.  No physical properties (except to describe length or amount of time).  Can be applied to almost anything.
Long	hair, legs, school day, long johns, bell bottoms, length of something, road, track, road trip, shower, wanting someone, 
Long	not short, lengthy, how the days often feel, from here to alaska, an unspecific unit of measure, intestines
Long	takes forever, time consuming
Long	opposite of short.
Long	tall
Long	"Long" refers to a type of measure ment. It is further than what one considers averege.
Long	going onlenghty
Long	measure, height, time
Long	size, content 
Long	opposite of short, exhausting, for awhile
Long	lengthy, distance, 
Long	The opposite of short, lengthy, continues for a while, a far distance, extensive.
Long	arms, drive, hair, distance, phone call, time, relationship
Long	distance, trip, endurance, can be dreadful.
Long	has more mass, taller, skinny, not as wide as other objects. 
Long	a distance, how far an object is away, 
Long	tall, not short, big
Long	length, hair,
Long	the opposite of short, a great duration of time, a relative duration of time or distance
Long	drawn out, extended, stretching, car trips, flights, extensive
Long	is a length of time, is the long dimension of any object, often using in mathmetics and physics for caculate or experiment, is a syllable, used for learning English, used for pronounce a word.
Long	a great distance, skinny, measurable, wires, a mile, two sides are a much greater distance than the other two sides, big
Long	class, legs
Long	oppisite of short, stretched out, veritically tall,  
Long	journey, lengthy, distance, measurement
Long	distance, travel
Long	extended, not short, time consuming
Long	hair, legs, toes, fingers, drives, trips, journeys
Long	either a period of time or the length of an object
Long	bigger than normal
Long	a word that describes things. long noodles. A long hallway. A long bedroom, a long face. 
Long	distance, time, measurable, quantitative, relative, long nose or long snake or long day, a perception a lot of the time instead of fact. 
Long	Not short, extended version.
Long	considerable length, or duration in time, extending, lasting, or totaling, containing many items or units.
Long	time consumingan objects lenght
Long	is a sense of time, can replace time, is vague, 
Long	is a measurement, defined differently by everyone, a length
Long	Abnormal lenght. bigger than percieved. usually skinny. Often has more mass than something short.
Long	Savior, Lord, church, faith, hope, family, friends, intuition 
Long	lengthy
Long	big, time, duration
Long	length, endures farther than expected or is normal, 
Long	hair, time, pants, 
Long	describes something of great length, isn't short, can describe any subject
Long	short, hair, time, hours, distance
Long	lengthy,
Long	extended beyond expected length, a lot to travel or spend time on, can mean to be sad or upset, anticipation of waiting
Market	store, food 
Market	market is to shopping, food, animals, farms, colorful different colors shapes and sizes.
Market	Market: Farmers market, fresh produce, crowds, busy streets, many smells: good, bad, food, people, loud noises of business, running children, cranky women
Market	
Market	money, economy, sales, food, products, supply, demand
Market	is where you buy something
Market	grocery store, sells fruits, veggies and other fresh produce, lots of greens and other bright colors, farmers market, gives customers a good deal
Market	a grocery store or a farmers market that has fresh fruit and produce. or a flea market that has tables set up with different things of their making,
Market	store, groceries, ralphs, vons, albertsons, food, basic needs, shopping carts, busy
Market	store, food, place, black market, super market
Market	busy foodcolorful 
Market	place to shop, has food, fresh food
Market	grocery store, sells fresh fruit and vegetables, 
Market	some kind of society ex (stock market, grocery market, money market), crowded, full of supplies, collects something, place to go, jobs, consists of many people
Market	is a place of sales, may refer to economy, money, business, grows, shrinks, 
Market	
Market	a place where you can get groceries and other goods, lots of stores in one place, big, busy, people always there, spend money
Market	is a place to get food, is a place to get clothes, is loud, is crowded, has many different locations, is fun, can drive to get there, can walk there, can smell good, can smell bad
Market	Shopping
Market	place to sell things, little stands where people are, crates of fruit, lots of food, lots of people, noisy
Market	place to buy things, meet people, exchange goods, for all poeple
Market	a store, buy fruits and vegetables, now phones have app markets,
Market	A location where goods (typically food) are sold.  Can either be one establishment or a group of vendors.  Can be contained in a building or outside.  No particular look, sound, smell, feel, or taste.
Market	is a place, clothes, cheap, grocery store, shops, busy
Market	the culmination of a specific good and the demand for that good, a place to buy things, to advertise, focal point of many towns in other cultures, can be outside or in a building, place to get groceries
Market	is a place, people shop there, big, small, has food, has drinks, in cities
Market	its a place where people buy items.
Market	food, drinks, groceries
Market	where the little piggy went to.
Market	foodflowersfarmersproduce
Market	stock market, grocery store
Market	loud, busy, crowded, located in cities, exchange of good, bargaining
Market	used to sell items such as food, clothes,shoes, ect. used to help poeple make money, can be used in a broad understanding like "job market"
Market	Where one buys groceries, farmer's markets, produce, rotten smelling, mothers shopping, grocery carts, shopping lists, outdoor, colorful, fresh.
Market	A place to shop for goods, haggle prices, sometimes outdoors, merchants, customers, businesses, money.
Market	fish, China, bread, fresh fruit and vegies, brown paper bags
Market	groceries, store, many people gather there, shopping, spending alot of money here. 
Market	store, many tables, many people, selling goods, stocks, chaotic, friendly, business like, money, bags. 
Market	a place to get food, or esentials to living, 
Market	open air, busy, busseling, hurry, bargaining, haggling, produce, fresh ingredients
Market	fresh fruit, groceries, outside, wooden roof,
Market	a place where a person can buy the things they need
Market	food, plates, drinks, cups, kitchen supplies, groceries, cashiers, dessert 
Market	is a place, to buy something, a time when people buy and sell goods, food etc, or the place, usually outside or in a large building, where this happens. is a shop, which sells food and things for the home.
Market	a place to shop, contains abundance of produce, vegetables, fruit, vendors, packed with consumers, center for trade, essential for capitalistic economy, exchange of money, sells meats, food, items have prices, employ workers, exchange of goods and services, shopping carts used, bags used, smells refreshing, found in cities
Market	farmers, vegetables
Market	bistro, food, organic, farmer's, fresh, fruit, outside, clothes, flee, stock (money), tradeing and selling 
Market	store, where you buy things, produce, farmer
Market	food, trade, buy and sell
Market	shop, goods, money, jobs
Market	Stocks, bonds, frozen foods, grocery stores, fruit, vegetables, meat, eggs, milk, juice food
Market	a place where produce is sold, farmer's markets, you can buy a variety of fruits and vegetables, sometimes breads too. it's usually fresh produce and better quality than at supermarkets.
Market	like a shop, sell things, buy things, make money, lose money, 
Market	Where people go to shop for food. meat, baked goods, canned items, bread, vegetables, fruits, frozen items, snacks, fluorescent lights. Clean floors, shelves, dairy products, drinks, cash register. shopping carts. crying children. 
Market	where food is sold, farmer's market, sell home grown vegetables and fruits and grains, wall street, where stocks are sold and bought, can be over the internet now, bargaining can be used.
Market	A place where you can buy,sell, trade, any item needed, a medieval economy.
Market	open place, covered building, sells goods, trade, buyers and sellers attend, has food, supplies, or products.
Market	has foodhas specialty foodsneed money
Market	is a place to buy goods, can be a physical place, can refer to a specific sector of bussiness
Market	Grocery store, many isle, different departments, food, clothing all kinds of items 
Market	A place where people purchase goods. Used to sell many different products
Market	cancer, disease, hospital, science, cells, medicine
Market	contains groceries, people go there to shop, stock market, good exchanged, barters, sometimes competitive
Market	buy foods, get groceries, apples, oranges, bread, milk, cereal
Market	location, centralized place for purchasing, food, clothing, 
Market	wal-mart, food, shopping, 
Market	is a place where sale takes place, is a targeted group of people, is determined by supply and demand
Market	store, shopping money, food, clothes
Market	a place where you can buy food or other items, people work there
Market	some where to shop, where food is sold, where clothes are sold, you spend money there, a lot of people are pulled toward this place, can be crowded, have long lines
Naked	no cloths on, missing something
Naked	naked is to birth, changing , clothing adult activities
Naked	Naked: vulnerable, without cover, exposure, often showing too much, being without clothes
Naked	
Naked	breasts, vagina, butt, sex, born, skinny dipping, porn, parties, fun, shower, bath, nude
Naked	not dressed, birthday suit
Naked	bare, no clothing, exposed, 
Naked	without clothes, or so a fruit or vegetable without its protective skin, birthday suit, how humans are born
Naked	people, skin, bare, type of drink brand 
Naked	shower, getting dressed, sex
Naked	bare 
Naked	not clothed, nude, exposed
Naked	with out covering, no clothes, vulnerable, intimacy, 
Naked	no clothes, bare, cold, natural, obscene, exposed
Naked	to be without clothes, nude, pornographic, indecent, liberal, bare, without parts, 
Naked	
Naked	showering, sleeping, new born babies, sex, natural, nudist colony, inappropriate, obscene, offensive, beautiful, bare
Naked	an uneasy feeling, not normal, something we aren't comfortable with, vulnerability 
Naked	Natural
Naked	having sex, women, beauty, everyone is naked sometime, intimacy
Naked	provocative, sexual, cold, without clothes, frowned upon in public, free, not confined
Naked	without cover-up, no clothing, no extra material, an adjective, bald, uncovered
Naked	To be without clothes; Exposed. no particular physical properties. however, when applied to humans, it can cause feelings of embarrassment, shame, insecurity, and depending on situation, can cause an uncomfortable feeling of cold.
Naked	is a state of not having any clothes on, is when babies are born, is seen on nude beaches, is how someone is when showering or having sex
Naked	not clothed, when you are in the shower, exposing oneself, publically unacceptable, sometimes okay for children around others
Naked	embarrassing, is revealing, gives exposed feeling
Naked	no clothing or covering
Naked	no clothes, nude
Naked	to be without.
Naked	no clothesadam and evebare
Naked	no clothes on, empty, fruit drink, nothing, empty
Naked	freedom, comfortable, not socially acceptable, natural, fun, sex, intimacy, skin
Naked	non-clothed, everything showing, no make-up, natural
Naked	Nude, without clothing, exposed, sexual, flesh, anatomy
Naked	Primitive, natural, bare, nudity, can describe people, can describe an object.
Naked	sex, babies, showering, uncomfortbale, awkward, promiscuity
Naked	without clothing, bare, missing something.
Naked	unclothed, bare, raw, natural, hippies, newborn, natural state of human life, something everyone is at multiple times during life, intimate. 
Naked	no clothes, can be cold, 
Naked	garden of eden, taboo in american culture, accepted in other cultures
Naked	bare, nothing there, without clothes, 
Naked	without clothing, bare
Naked	not clothed, birth, showers
Naked	is a statement of no wearing any clothes or not covered by clothes, is weak and unable to protect yourself.
Naked	bare, without clothing, exposed, cold, skin, hairless animals, sexual
Naked	sex
Naked	natural, inappropriate in public, freedom, exposed, 
Naked	nude, without clothes, babies, Adam and Eve, 
Naked	embarassing, cold, no clothes
Naked	bare, uncovered, exposed
Naked	people, no clothes, porn, babies, no hair
Naked	for humans-not wearing any clothes, for animals-not having any fur, feathers, etc. not accepted in most cultures.
Naked	no clothing, not wraped, see things you dont wanna see, no cover, missing a layer
Naked	You can feel this way literally or figuratively. If you are nervous or embarrassed you can feel "naked". 
Naked	without something that it usually has, clothesless for people, tortilla-less for burritos, show everything, makes you cold, exposure, shame, fear/nightmare, 
Naked	Unclothed, raw, the beginning of something.
Naked	without clothing or covering, nude, without customary covering, container, or protection, bare, stripped.
Naked	to be bareskinhave no clothes
Naked	is not having clothes, is the bare essentials, is the plain facts, is not a noun
Naked	Having no clothes on, has no fur if referring to animals, also call birthday suit
Naked	No clothes. The action of being without any articals of clothing.
Naked	volcano, erupt, messy, loud, scattered
Naked	being completely exposed, no clothes on, nothing to cover anything up.
Naked	not clothed, penis, vagina, butt, boobs, muscles
Naked	without clothing, without cover or pretense
Naked	sex, shower, skinny dipping, streaking, 
Naked	descibes bare skin, is the state of being completely clothes-less, can describe a type of animal with no hair
Naked	open, nude, art, beauty, innocence
Naked	no clothing, inappropriate, people are born naked, also known as a birthday suite, is also a healthy drink
Naked	no clothes, cold, shy, no fur on animals, no covering for the body
Narrow	thin,small,not big
Narrow	Narrow is to search, small and skinny.
Narrow	Narrow: small. cleavage, causing closeness, tight spaces, small in width, small corridor or hallway, doorways, desks, canoes, kayaks, entry to a cave
Narrow	
Narrow	road, skinny, little, hole
Narrow	small, slender
Narrow	thin, fine, slim, slender, tight
Narrow	narrow: skinny, hard to get through, alley ways, if a street usually, and hopefully one way, can apply to really anything if it is skinny
Narrow	long and thin, little room, not comfortable, sleek
Narrow	skinny, angle
Narrow	tight small no space 
Narrow	not wide, skinny
Narrow	skinny, thin, small space
Narrow	tiny space, small, little, slender, gets smaller
Narrow	is opposite of wide, tight, claustrophobic, is relative, small distance between two points
Narrow	
Narrow	thin, a narrow road, hard to get through, skinny, not enough room
Narrow	path, street, narrow-minded, not very open minded, can be scary, can cause an unhappy feeling
Narrow	 Few
Narrow	something that's skinny, a tight squeeze, narrow lanes sign on a highway. 
Narrow	not much room, hallway, skinny, dark, small
Narrow	adjective, opposite of wide, small, 
Narrow	Thin, small, tight.  Not much room. Often used to describe hallways, corridors, passages.  Classification is often relative to size of object passing through.  No particular look, smell, sound, feel, or taste.  
Narrow	is a synonym for tight, thin, slim, slender, small, limited, close; is a word to describe a street, path, area; narrow-minded
Narrow	thin, not wide, roads are this sometimes during construction, minds can be narrow, to not consider other opinions, is a relative term
Narrow	small, short, close
Narrow	opposite of wide.
Narrow	tight space
Narrow	the area is more slim than one expects it to be from the average.
Narrow	skinnyclaustrophobic
Narrow	small, thin, not broad, narrow foot, narrow road, narrow path, narrow minded
Narrow	tight, unnatural feeling, claustrophobic, uncomfortable 
Narrow	small, thin, descriptive word, hard to get through
Narrow	Not wide, alleyways, can cause claustrophobia, pathways, dark, had to drive in, winding roads.
Narrow	Thin, small, the opposite of wide, usually used to describe tight spaces.
Narrow	path, creek, course, minded
Narrow	small, acute, hard to get through, path
Narrow	small, not wide, not able to be expanded. 
Narrow	thin, slinder, tiny,
Narrow	slender, small,
Narrow	skinny, tight, not a lot of space, small pathway
Narrow	a small space, hard to fit between
Narrow	skinny, small, bridges, roads,
Narrow	is a strait, ia a channel, is between land connecting two sea or the ocean narrow waterway, within the strait, the water is depth, more urgent, is a particularly important geographical location, is not only the roads, shipping hub, and has always been a battleground
Narrow	small, skinny, tight space, claustrophobic, easy to get stuck in, uncomfortable to be in, cannot fit much through it, a pathway, takes one to a destination, tiny
Narrow	arrow
Narrow	skinny, tight spaces, closterphobic, alleyways
Narrow	thin, difficult to pass through
Narrow	a small passage, hard to get through, can make people with closterphobia nervous
Narrow	skinny, thin, small space
Narrow	slender, small spaces, clusterphobic
Narrow	A small enclosed area that's uncomfortable for most people. Not wide.
Narrow	not much room, indians used them, used to hunt, 
Narrow	A term used to describe things like a hallway, bridge, container, bedroom, and much more. 
Narrow	small width, can still be tall, a crevice, rapids part of a river, slot canyons, can stem on the walls of the canyon, flash floods happen there.
Narrow	Opposite of wide, below the average width.
Narrow	of litle width, not broad or wide, limited space, lacking of view, as persons, the mind, or ideas
Narrow	tighthard to get thruvery small
Narrow	is a small strip of land, is a place of small width, can separate two places
Narrow	Not wide, small in width, 
Narrow	Commonly used to describe roads. Narrow is going from wide to skinny. Thin. difficult to walk upon. slightly getting smaller as you progress.
Narrow	naked, body size, composition, legs, arms, feet, face, torso, nutrition
Narrow	slim, not very wide, could be a pathway or hallway
Narrow	small, tight, thin
Narrow	dimension, description of width that is less than normal, 
Narrow	skinny, small, hard to pass through, little, 
Narrow	is something very thin, is something that can last for a long distance and slowly decrease in width
Narrow	line, straight, strict, hole, minded
Narrow	skinny, small, very close together
Narrow	skinny board, easily broken, looks like it converges, bendable, floppy, if walked on very hard, not much space in between, elongated for more space, tiny 
Part	a portion of something
Part	part is to fixing things, car parts house parts puzzle parts
Part	Part: the divide in one's hair in which their hair starts going in different directions, to separate between people/things, a fork, a portion of something, not a whole
Part	car, engine, machines, mechanics, 
Part	car, train, in a play, job
Part	Not whole, a piece of something
Part	body part, a piece, half, 
Part	a part of something is not a complete whole. fractions, three fourths etc, you have a pizza and someone eats two slices they have eaten part of the pizza
Part	piece of, half, 3/4's
Part	of food, of a group, a car, project or assignment
Part	piece of somethinghalf not full
Part	not close, take one and seperate to make two
Part	a piece of a whole
Part	a little piece to make up a whole, one individual aspect
Part	is a component, a portion, is not whole, piece, not complete, unfinished, separate, not cohesive
Part	
Part	whole, half, chunk, hair, side-bangs, party, separeate, pieces, broken, sad, incomplete, portion, red sea, split, cut
Part	only a piece, not a whole, small section, not very big
Part	slice
Part	piece of a whole, used to build things, made of metal, made of plastic, manufactured, assembly lines
Part	piece of a whole, machines, buildings, papers, separation.
Part	there are parts in mechanics, part of the body, changing one can change another, some appliances only need to change one to fix it, 
Part	A section or fragment of a whole.  Can be applied to anything whether physical or non-physical.  Physical properties are contingent based on what the "part" is pertaining to. 
Part	is a piece of something, is a portion; the red sea, where your hair line separates, slice, section of a whole
Part	a piece of a whole, what many people do with their hair, the action of splitting, to go separate ways
Part	used to create something, makes up something, used to assemble something, is small, is big
Part	a piece of s whole
Part	half, peice
Part	a section of a pie. (cherry pie)
Part	haira section
Part	contributing, in a play, in your community, the way your hair lays, your half
Part	fraction, not a whole, place in a play or movie 
Part	section of something
Part	a segment of something, can be in the hair, can have center or side part, a role in a production, 
Part	A piece, not a whole.
Part	body, limb, puzzles, automobile, houses, machine
Part	a piece of something, seperate sides, assemble, 
Part	split into multiple pieces, take from another, sum of a whole. 
Part	to go separet ways, to leave an area
Part	not a whole, missing something, not complete
Part	piece, not whole, part of a car,
Part	a piece of a whole, a fraction
Part	pieces, separate
Part	is a piece, is a feature of something, such as an object, area, event, or period of time. is one of the separate pieces that something such as a machines or piece of equipment is made, 
Part	a piece of a greater whole, a segment, a section, cannot function alone, works as part of a system, moving parts such as gears, could also be a method of combing hair, dividing sections of hair
Part	body
Part	car, a piece, toy, grease, a portion team, character in a play or band, 
Part	piece of a larger whole, to divide 
Part	portion
Part	a piece, fits together, applies to a bigger picture, section
Part	hair, acting job, red sea
Part	a section of something, like a pie, book, movie, etc. can either be very big or very small.
Part	a piece of something, in everything
Part	can be used to describe your hair. Can be used to describe a certain place in a book or movie. 
Part	not the whole, needs another part, essential to something's function, or a part in someone's hair.
Part	A piece of a bigger picture.
Part	is a portion, division of two things, piece, fragment, fraction, or section. 
Part	goes to a bigger objectis a neccessity
Part	is a specific peice of the whole thing, is a section, is a portion
Part	2 halves, a part in your hair, in a movie, in a play, can mean role, 
Part	A portion of something. Often used to describe a contiunation of something. Used in music, movies and plays.
Part	clothes, money, debit cards, malls, purses, shoes
Part	a section of something, doing hair
Part	less, not whole, missing
Part	portion, role played, individual piece of a whole, division, 
Part	hair part, part in a play, part of a community 
Part	is a piece of something, is needed to complete a funciton of a subject, describes a section of something
Part	section, segment, chapter
Part	can be part a or part b 
Part	something that is apart of a whole, not complete, is added onto
Plug	outlet, electic , stopping something
Plug	plug is to outlet and smell good items
Plug	Plug: electric outlet, to block something up, a dam, the end of a cord, to put two and two together (plugging something in)
Plug	charges electrical devices, female and male ends, long cord, extension cords, orange, 
Plug	clog, earplug, boat, sink, bath, metal, drain
Plug	to stop something
Plug	electrical current, outlet, keep away from children, can be dangerous for children
Plug	a socket in the wall to plug in things needed electricity, outlets, look like a surprised face, or if something is spilling out us a plug to stop it from spilling
Plug	goes into wall, used with outlets, hassel, attached to cords. put a stop to something (wine), or a shower drain.
Plug	outlet, cord, electrical, in wall, dangerous, holes, normally white, useful
Plug	stopper 
Plug	to stop something
Plug	to clog, fill in a hole, 
Plug	to temporary stop something, put something into an outlet, insert something into an open hole
Plug	is a device that fits in another, can be the end of a wire, can be the device used to stop a drain or a leak, 
Plug	
Plug	where you charge things, wall, ears, nose, into, plastic, metal, danger, wire
Plug	put into a wall, needed to charge items, protect from electricity, a necessary item, an action 
Plug	 Electricity
Plug	part of an outlet, used to power things, three prongs or two prongs, 
Plug	connects people to electricity, changed life, used everyday by everyone, essential, wires, metal.
Plug	an action, results in electricity sometimes, other plugs involve stopping from entering or exiting
Plug	Anything used to stop the flow of a substance from some form of container.  Many plugs are usually made of rubber.  Typically have a lot of grip, no smell. sound is contingent on the way in which it's made, taste; not necessarily any taste.  Used on containers that have fluid or gas inside, pools, showers, sinks, etc.
Plug	is something that is put into an electrical outlet, has an electrical charge, has two prongs, has a cord attached to it
Plug	to stop up, to prevent drainage from, an object used to fill a hole or space
Plug	stops something, access for electricity, small
Plug	what put into an outlet 
Plug	socket, power
Plug	A "Pug" is an area of space that information/power can be uploaded or downloaded.
Plug	outlet
Plug	socket, plug in, electric, plug into an equation, math, to stop
Plug	found on a wall, power source, 
Plug	to stop, could be anything, sometimes a cork. something bigger than the hole
Plug	Electricity, can shock you, metal, attached to cords, prongs, attached to appliances.
Plug	Used to block something.
Plug	in, electricity, outlet, sink, stopper, child protection, quork
Plug	cut off something, block, 
Plug	insert into, stop something from accessing the other side. 
Plug	to stop a leak, or a way to keep water back,
Plug	ear plug, stopping, halting, drain plug, preventing
Plug	outlet, electricity
Plug	the end of a cord that connects to the wall in order to draw power, electricity
Plug	outlets, spark plug
Plug	is a sanitation, is a cork, is a spigot, is a bung, is a stopped vessel mouth make inside and outside completely cut off things, used in the bathtub, washbasin or sink for the plughole.
Plug	electrical, wires, plugs into a wall, in the end of wires, connection, found everywhere, in houses, metal prongs, plugs something up, prevents draining, cork
Plug	in, close
Plug	outlit, eletricity, at the end of a cord, three prongs, cork, stopper, solid
Plug	insert, wall sockets, to connect one thing to another
Plug	an electrical outlit, makes appliances work
Plug	produces electricity, fits to an outlet in the wall, causes shock
Plug	glade plug-ins, outlets, stopper
Plug	stops something from flowing, like plugging up a sink or a bathtub
Plug	blocks something, 
Plug	outlet, electricity, charges our appliances. keep away from small children. 
Plug	gives electric energy, dangerous if touched, metal, in the wall or at the end of a cord, female or male parts, used often in kitchens and bathrooms, needs to be grounded, has a plastic cover.
Plug	A place where something is inserted or covered, a place to charge things.
Plug	material, blockade, stop a hole, fill a gap, act as a wedge,
Plug	goes in an outletwhere electricity goes thrucan be dangerous
Plug	is used to fill in an area or hole, is a device for connecting electrical chords,  
Plug	refer to the tv, electrical
Plug	Used as a input  for elecronical devices. Input, output.
Plug	ew, puss, face, red, pimple
Plug	to put something into a hole, to stop something up, used for electricity, used to cover holes, may be dangerous
Plug	in, outlet, air freshener, stop, wine
Plug	device used to to connect one thing to another.
Plug	outlet, cords, bathplug, appliances
Plug	is something that clogs something, holds back something from spillingout, can be useful when there is a leak
Plug	sink, safety, bath 
Plug	can be used as ear plugs, or to plug something up, can be used as an electrical plug that uses electricity, can be connected to almost anything that needs electricity, used for many different things. 
Plug	something for electronics, an outlet, to keep something in, a cork 
Pool	full of water, swimming,
Pool	Pool is to swim, Chlorine, Water, Bathing Suits, Beach time, Sunny, warm weather
Pool	Pool: filled with water, above ground or in ground, used during the summer, summer, swimming, diving, water polo, splashing, sunburn, swimsuits, outdoor, sunshine, relaxing, tanning
Pool	swimming, pool sports, 
Pool	water, chlorine, wet, blue, summer, girls, diving board, bikinis, sunburn, sex, sunscreen, sun
Pool	swim, drown, play, dive
Pool	summer, cool off, beach balls, friends and family, sun bathing, tanning, sunscreen
Pool	pool: swimming pool or could also be a pool of your own blood, vomit etc, something you can swim in, if a swimming pool then refreshing and makes you think of summer
Pool	has water, is used primarily during the summer, is better warm, usually cool, can be many different shapes and sizes
Pool	big or small, wet, different shapes, has chlorine, blue water, cement, tile, lanes, different depths, driving board, slide, floaties, swimming, people, swimming suites, summer
Pool	summer friendsblue refreshing 
Pool	swimming facility, group to choose from
Pool	swimming, a large area of clean water, chlorine, swim suits, sun bathing, 
Pool	a game, involves balls, only one winner, use a poolstick, a large amount of water, something that you can swim in, use indoor or outdoor, wear a bathing suit in, play games in
Pool	is a group of objects, (genes, water, bets, etc.) large, cohesive, component-based, 
Pool	
Pool	water, going swimming, chlorine, summer, blue, lifeguarding, drowning, floaties, ear plugs, having friends over, inground, aboveground
Pool	a fun activity, something to do in the summer, to cool-off in, pool toys, happy faces, lots of ice cream, lots of friends
Pool	Sammer 
Pool	holds a lot of water, used to go swimming, summertime, very relaxing, floating around on tubes.
Pool	swimming, inflatable tube, water wings, goggles, diving board, slides, waves, chlorine
Pool	wet, kind of like a person made lake, used to swim, a game with balls and sticks
Pool	A concave shape that is filled with water.  used for entertainment, play, or relaxation.  Many (artificial) pools are filled with chlorine or salt to reduce likelihood of organisms such as algae forming along the bottom.  However, there are many natural pools.  Pools are typically cooler than the surrounding environments due to waters high heat capacity.
Pool	water, blue, cold, refreshing, summer, diving board, swimming, shallow end and deep end, public pool or pool in the back yard, pool toys, slide
Pool	swim in it, to combine resources, to congregate in one area, like a puddle, money pool like a bet, can be water
Pool	is big, is full of water, is small, people swim in it, is cold, is hot, is hard to clean
Pool	swimming pool or Pool Cue?
Pool	swim, rafts, fun, water
Pool	body of water or any other contained substance.
Pool	crystal clearswimmingwater
Pool	swimming, water, diving board, summer, goggles
Pool	water, summer, in ground, friends, fun, laughing, playing, memories, childhood, tanning, find in backyards, find in community centers 
Pool	water to swim in, activity outside, smells like chlorine, feels free, wieghtless
Pool	cool, above-ground, in-ground, public, private, swim, swimsuit, summer, splash, blue, crisp, water, liquid, billiards game, pool halls, eight ball, felt, pool tables, bars
Pool	Hot summers, water, chlorine, filters, public, backyards, swimming, diving, floaties, goggles, life gaurds.
Pool	swimming, water, sandlot, lifegaurds, sunscreen, hot, sun, sunburn, swin gear towels, 
Pool	cool off, fun, splashing, can be shallow or deep, contains water, parties, needs chlorine, has a filter, uses a liner, above ground or inground.
Pool	water, cool, refreshing, relaxing, fun, wet, summer-time event. 
Pool	summer time, blue, water, cholrine, used to cool off, used by people, 
Pool	swimming, summer, sunshine, playfulness, leisure
Pool	cholrine, where little kids pee, blue, full of water, tanning, sun, diving board, life guard
Pool	full of water, for swimming, usually found outside, people enjoy playing in them
Pool	summer time, lemonade, picnic, parks, pool parties, floaties, tanning, water, splashing,diving, friends, swim suits
Pool	is a place for swimming, a hole or container that has been specially made and filled with water so that people can swim or play in it, is an area of water, a small area of still water in a hollow place, is a game, use a stick to hit numbered balls into holes around a table, is often palyed in bars.
Pool	a pit filled with water, one swims inside it, children love it, sometimes in backyards, rich people own them, public pools used by populace, used in summer heat, used to cool off and to entertain, easy to drown in, most people consider them to be fun, some people are afraid of them, have water slides, have diving boards, swimmers use them to train in, very big, chlorine
Pool	house, water, fun
Pool	water, vinyl, hot days, swimming, slides, summer, drinking hole, diving into, chlorine
Pool	filled with water, concrete basin, wet, refreshing, contains chlorine, summer
Pool	summer, swimming, water, fun, 
Pool	swimming, water games, friends, above ground pool, in ground pool, indoor pool, olympics
Pool	water, blue, splashing, laughter, diving, diving board, fun times, summer, chlorine
Pool	a hole in the ground that's filled with water, used as recreation for people, you can dive in it, jump in it, and swim in it. used primarily in the summer time or whenever it's hot and cools you down. it needs to be cleaned out. 
Pool	where you swim, lifeguards, can be a braket in tournoments
Pool	filled with water. chlorine or salt water pools, come in different shapes and sizes. They come in different colors. Used in the summer. 
Pool	for swimming, in ground or above ground, at hotels, annoying to clean, filled with chlorine, used in summer time to cool off and have fun, often has a diving board.
Pool	A body of water for swimming that is manmade
Pool	small, body of water,standing, swimming, cleaning, collection of water, clear or blue, cold, warm, jets, cement, floaties, splashing.
Pool	has watervery clearcan be shallow or deepabove or below ground
Pool	is filled with water, is hot or cold, is inground or above, can refer to a group of things,   
Pool	Round, rectangular, filled with water, open in the summer time, has lifeguards, found in backyards
Pool	water, used for workouts and recreational activity. Contains water. often used in hot weather.
Pool	party, free time, break from homework, relaxing, being comfortable
Pool	water, blood, hot summer days, family fun, pool side barbeques, kids laughing 
Pool	summer, fun, beer, relax, chill
Pool	man made body of water, made of plastic or concrete, usually treated with chemicals, decoration in lawn, recreational, indoor use, outdoor use, can be heated, used for swimming
Pool	swimming suit, bikini, friends, drinks, blue water, diving board, beach ball
Pool	describes a place to swim, describes a series of events that lead to a championship(basketball pool), describes the games in a tournament
Pool	water, kids, summer, sport, friends, heat, fun
Pool	swimming, summer, swim suits, water, diving board
Pool	a place to go swimming, there is water there, mainly used during summer time, a place to cool off and get wet, where kids love to play and adults love to relax, a place to use floats
Ready	set,go, 
Ready	Ready is to go, organized and collected.
Ready	Ready: prepared, the beginning of a race, the process of preparing to do something
Ready	prepared, on time, 
Ready	set, go, prepared, on time, 
Ready	waiting
Ready	set, go! 
Ready	being prepared, 
Ready	set go, a race, a mind set, a feeling, 
Ready	set go, start, let's go, first
Ready	set packed up 
Ready	prepared to go, start
Ready	being available to go, all set, no need to wait
Ready	available, willing, waiting,
Ready	is available, easily accessible, 
Ready	
Ready	set to go somewhere, prepared, organized, complete, green 
Ready	to go, to eat, to do something, a good feeling, overwhelming, an inner feeling
Ready	Start
Ready	its go time, not stalling, going, ready set go. 
Ready	means it is time to do something, a state of completing a task so a person can move on to the next one. prepared, well thought out and planned
Ready	time to go, has taken action to be there, 
Ready	prepared to complete a task. Up to operating condition.  In as complete a state as possible.  No specific physical properties. Not a concrete noun.
Ready	Go, getting ready for your day, out the door, not waiting any longer, emotionally and physically comfortable with doing something
Ready	prepared, not to be caught off guard, you "get" this in the morning, dinner is often said to be this, synonymous with complete
Ready	prepared, set
Ready	prepared.
Ready	Go, prepared
Ready	No, not yet.
Ready	leavingdone
Ready	dressed to go, prepared, to start, to begin
Ready	Is a state of being, point in time, final step
Ready	prepared, expecting, waiting
Ready	to be prepared, all together, time to go, when something may be done cooking, all finished
Ready	Focus, prepared, engaged.
Ready	race, for a test, prepared, knowledged comfortable
Ready	Go, anxious, prepared, set, aware, 
Ready	pumped up, excited, able and willing to participate in an activity, getting prepared to go somewhere, getting prepared for something, studying for a test. 
Ready	to be prepared, making sure you're able to start engagment into something.
Ready	eager, anticipating, waiting
Ready	set, go, about to do something, being prepared
Ready	prepared, available 
Ready	on time, prepared, early
Ready	is a status, available to be used immediately, is money, which you can use immediately.
Ready	prepared, set to go, about to start, about to begin
Ready	set go
Ready	On time, going, leaving, beginning, 
Ready	able to begin, 
Ready	getting prepared for an event, 
Ready	prepared, informed, rehearsed, trained, educated
Ready	set, go! Races, spotlight, adventure
Ready	to be prepared for something
Ready	something you feel, a question, 
Ready	prepared. 
Ready	prepared, can be long or short term - poised for the start of a sprinting race or emotionally prepared to go to college, not surprised or caught unaware.
Ready	Prepared and waiting.
Ready	prepared, fit condition, duly equipped, cmpleted, adjusted, arranged, willing.
Ready	means you are preparedtake some time
Ready	is being set to start, is being available right away
Ready	to be prepared
Ready	Used to describe the act of being prepared. Used to ask people if they are prepared for whats to come. 
Ready	dollar bill, money, broke 
Ready	prepared, equipped, complete, completely arranged, prompt
Ready	set, go, prepared, tempted
Ready	state of being, prepared, 
Ready	let's go, prepared, events, on time, 
Ready	is a represention of eagerness and a state of moving foreard, is a feeling of being comfortable with the past
Ready	set, go, leave, run, start, race, competition
Ready	ready to do something, on the go,
Ready	ahead of what is going to happen, prepared, having adrenaline to start going, awaiting time to go by
Reason	why to do something
Reason	Reason is to decide, make decisions give advice.
Reason	Reason: why something happens, to decipher with oneself on a decision, to come a decision with someone verbally, purpose
Reason	
Reason	answer, song, purpose, 
Reason	
Reason	why you do something, you do this because..., helps justify an action
Reason	the meaning of something, cause, justification or explanation of something 
Reason	why something happens, given when someone does something bad, given when someone does something good, 
Reason	meaning, purpose, why
Reason	excuse explanation 
Reason	to think logically
Reason	why things are done, the meaning behind something, an explanation
Reason	definition for an action, knowledge, to think, problem solving
Reason	is motivation, causes behavior, drives,
Reason	
Reason	reason to live, explains, helps, give me, describe
Reason	a purpose for doing something, to explain something to someone, can be negative,can be positive
Reason	Logic
Reason	why something happens, the cause to somethings effect, 
Reason	causation of an event, it is why some one chooses to do something. it applies to everyone, it involves a lot of logic
Reason	happens before action, can be subconsciousness or conscience, critical for effective action,  
Reason	A logical process that produces socially considered "good" results.  Also, a motive.  Not a concrete noun, therefore no physical properties.  Used by everyone depending on situation. 
Reason	is an explanation for doing something, or why something is the way it is; understanding, incite, brain and mind
Reason	an explanation for something, to think logically and determine an answer or solution, to be rational, to deal with another person, can be a noun or verb
Reason	is an excuse
Reason	the cause for an effect.
Reason	determine, why you do something
Reason	I have no reasoning, my reason can only pertain to me. it is my reasoning no one elses. it is to what my passion and spirit are contained too.
Reason	why
Reason	why something happened, thinking, answer
Reason	explanations, logical 
Reason	is an explination of a question, used to help someone make sense of something
Reason	meaning, why, how come, explanation, 
Reason	The answer to why something is the way it is, to debate.
Reason	logic, made up, lies, excuse, science
Reason	judgement, justification,, trying to stake a claim.
Reason	logical, explaination for the way things are, plain, clear as day. 
Reason	an excuse, a way out of something 
Reason	philosophy, psychology, thinking, mind
Reason	 to make sense, the truth, to calm down
Reason	logic, a way of looking at things
Reason	defending your point, causes
Reason	is why someone decides to do something , or the cause or explanation  for something the happens, is a fact that makes it right or fair for someone to do something, used to say that what has just been mentioned is an addtional reason for doing what you have suggested, sensible judgment and understanding.
Reason	a purpose, a need, a justification for an action or event, sometimes misguided, sometimes shown by science, logic, the why aspect of something
Reason	work
Reason	judgment, bargin, excuse, explanation, thinking
Reason	logic, rationalize, purpose
Reason	good, bad, negative, postive, establishes boundries, sets limits
Reason	excuse, explanation
Reason	why something was done, just because
Reason	an excuse for why you did something, why something is the way it is, or why something happened
Reason	why you do something, why something happened, why u did something 
Reason	used to explain something to someone. reasoning is used to solve an argument. 
Reason	either a justification or an ability to think, "because I said so," mental, emotional, personal, abstract, ability changes as we age, important in philosophy and psychology.
Reason	Thought process for why you are doing something.
Reason	cause, action, fact, event, statement, judgements, inferences, sanity.
Reason	means to persuadeused to get your way
Reason	is a cause for belief, is a cause for decision, is a basis for action, result of mental ability, is used for problem solving, separates humans from animals 
Reason	Clear judgement, an excuse
Reason	The meaning behind actions. If you have a reason for doing something then the reason is the structure behind it. Always needed before making a decision.
Reason	single, demand, only option, easy
Reason	why something is done, to look at both sides of a story
Reason	outcome, cause, excuse
Reason	Logic, train of thought, excuse, process of the mind, to ration mentally, used for arguing or discussion
Reason	fair, excuse, explanation, level,
Reason	is used in arguments, is used to support an opinion, is required for every statement
Reason	excuse, cover-up, lie, explanation, problem solving,
Reason	an explaination as to why you did something, or do something
Reason	logical thinking, a purpose for doing something, 
Roses	red,white,flowers,romantic,lover
Roses	Rose is to flower, smell, soft, different colors, thorns, love and happiness.
Roses	Roses: love, romance, valentines day, chocolate, flowers, spring, a dozen, red, petals, thorns, funerals
Roses	
Roses	red, pink, stems, thorns, love, women, romantic,
Roses	flowers that come in a variety of colors usually given to a woman on valentines day
Roses	flower, red, white, pink, yellow, symbolizes love, valentines day, anniversaries
Roses	cliche, supposed to seem romantic, valentines day, anniversary, if the man is in the dog house, red, usually a bouquet, thorny unless you remove them, smells fragrant
Roses	red, white, love, valentines day, anniversary, weddings, romance, corsage, dances, death
Roses	flowers, red, smell good, thorns, garden, bouqet, special occasion, valentines day. im sorry, i love you
Roses	red pretty thorns apology 
Roses	beautiful flowers, often red, valentines day, pretty
Roses	flowers, red, romance, thorns
Roses	a flower, grows on a bush, comes in different colors, has thorns, needs sunshine to grow, needs water to grow, starts as a bud, opens up, smells good, has petals, petals are soft, get wilted if not watered, given as gifts, usually sell in dozens
Roses	is a flower, variety of colors, given as sign of compassion, romance, comes in dozens, thorny, pleasant smell, blossoms, 
Roses	
Roses	red, smell, romantic, valentines day, love, sweet, sex, smells good, grows, thorns, floer, water, soil, sun, vase, leaves
Roses	a nice jester, pretty, happy, an overwhelming feeling of love, a thank you, an "I'm sorry", makes a person smiles, smells good, pretty colors, nice to look at, pretty in the house
Roses	Love
Roses	a flower, many different colors, have thorns, can prick you, put in a vase of water, given as gifts, show affection 
Roses	red, pink, white, colorful, valentine, apology, symbol of love, beautiful, smell nice, flowers
Roses	pretty flowers, given to females for holidays, different colors have different meanings, have thorns, are picked, not a wildflower
Roses	A certain species of flower.  Roses are red, have many petals, smell pleasant, make no sound, can he thorny (feels prickly), has the typical taste of vegetation. In many cultures, roses symbolize romance or love.  Often used as Valentines gifts or any special occasion where love is implied.
Roses	are flowers, given to girls on Valentine's day, anniversaries, birthdays and special occasions; they are red and have thorns; smell good 
Roses	are red, come in dozens, valentines day, love, have thorns, come in a variety of colors, planted in the ground, bud on large plants, a plant, a flower, smell good
Roses	are red, smell good, have pricks, grows outside, needs sunlight, needs water
Roses	kind of flower
Roses	red, flower, grass, grow, seeds
Roses	a red flower that is given to loved one for love,forgiveness, romance, etc.
Roses	red
Roses	flowers, smells good, thorns, Valentine's Day, love, "I'm sorry", garden, bushes, red, pink, white
Roses	red flowers, thorns, grows on bushes, sold in stores and stands,
Roses	is a flower, could be red, purple, pink, blue, ect. smells nicely, usually seen as romantic
Roses	are red, are expensive, can be white, can be yellow, have thorns, come per dozen, have petals.
Roses	Petals, a dozen, used on dates, romantic, love, red or white, green stem, thorns, can cut people, pretty.
Roses	flowers, red, white, yellow, caring
Roses	can be red, white, pink and yellow, have thorns, beautiful, great gift, say I love you, are a flower, grown by a gardener. 
Roses	red, orange, pink, white flowers, beautiful, smell good, intoxicating, happiness bearers, gifts, love. 
Roses	flower,red,Valentiens Day, smells good, grows by the sun, love, shows heart 
Roses	valentine's day, smell good, red for love, white for passion, yellow for friendship, thorns,
Roses	red, show love, flower,
Roses	flowers, thorns, many different colors, bush growing
Roses	love, valentines day, romance, flowers
Roses	is a flower, which often has a pleasant smell, and is usually red, pink, white, or yellow, or the bush that this flower growing, is a pink colour.
Roses	a flower, found in gardens, is red or white, considered beautiful, a symbol for romance, effeminate, smells nice, thorns, used in bouquets, grows on vines, grows tall, a desirable plant, not edible, admired for its appearance
Roses	red, petals
Roses	red, yellow,pink, peach, white, black, smell sweet, petals, thorns, green leaves, love, afection, floweres, anuals 
Roses	sweet, pretty, red, yellow, white, expensive, love, flower, grow, bush
Roses	red, love, have thorns, symbolic, smells good
Roses	scent, color, thorns, water, pleasant surprise
Roses	pretty, different colors, weddings, engagements, happiness, good smell
Roses	a flower that is used mainly in romantic circumstances, given to a girl on dates, anniversaries, etc.
Roses	a flower, many different colors, have thorns, can cost alot, people grow them, 
Roses	they come in different colors. they have thorns. they have petals, bees like them. people like to use them as a representation of love. red, pink, yellow, white, and more. 
Roses	smell good, flowers, on bushed, have thorns, look beautiful, given as gifts and apologies, grow in the summer, blooms, many colors with different societal meanings, like red is for romance, black is for death.
Roses	A red flower with many petals and a long thorny green stem.
Roses	wild, usually prickly stems, thorns, red, pink, white, yellow, traditional red, flower of love, romance, friendship, lotalty, valentines day flower.
Roses	can be many diferent colorshave thornsare sharphave different meanings
Roses	are red, are flowers, smell good, look pretty, have thorns, are in wild and domestic settings, are given as presents, are correlated with love
Roses	Flowers, multiple colors, had thorns, grow in bushes, grown in gardens, scented,  
Roses	Flower. favored by women. A symbol of love. survives off of nutrients in the soil, sunlight and carbon dioxide, can not kill animals. Plant.
Roses	medium, in between, center
Roses	red or white, romance, men apologizing, love, first dates
Roses	red, pretty, for girls, valentine, flower
Roses	flowers, symbols of love, given on Valentine's day, thorns, 
Roses	flowers, red, yellow, thorns, valentine's day, special occasions, pretty, smell good
Roses	are red, are flowers, are living, die, are given to people, smell good, are different colors
Roses	occasion, love, sorry, apology, anniversary, valentine's day 
Roses	flower, something someone gives to you, symbol of love
Roses	a flower, they smell wonderful, usually red, meant to be romantic, thankful, or to give sorrow, the grow on bushes with thorns, it goes from a bloom and opens into a flower 
Sight	distance, seeing
Sight	Sight is to see, focus, glasses, contacts
Sight	Sight: vision, eyes, optical nerve, cones, rods, range in which someone can see, one of the five senses, blindness, color blindness, contact lenses, glasses, eye doctors
Sight	
Sight	eyes, glasses, scope, see, awake
Sight	seeing
Sight	see, eye, blind, 
Sight	sight: involves eyes, one of your senses, seeing, something being appealing when you look at it, something being ugly when you look at it, your perception of something can change when you see it,
Sight	visual, pretty, ugly, fat, skinny, abnormal, obstructed, beautiful, different for everyone
Sight	eyes, colors, glasses/contacts, objects, blind, movement
Sight	eyes light 
Sight	to see, eyes
Sight	what you can see, what is in view
Sight	ability to see, something to view, on object that's visible, in your line of visibility
Sight	is perception of visual input, lack of blindness, colorful, detail, is a device for aligning barrel of a rifle with a target
Sight	
Sight	glasses, eyes, one of our senses, pupils, important, vison
Sight	needed to differentiate, describe the world, a great asset to our life, might need glasses, might need contacts, must eat carrots
Sight	Fast
Sight	the most important sense, helps us do everything, seeing something, something magnificent 
Sight	eyes, owls, vision, glasses, contacts, eye patch, pictures
Sight	a sense, used to see, without one is blind, 
Sight	The act or ability to see any physical object or occurrence. Associated mainly with eyes.  Sight has no physical properties.  necessary for spatial determination, as well as many other visual related processes. Sight can also refer to being able to make connections, or to see how things operate together to produce a result.
Sight	is one of humans' five senses, the ability to see and perceive things around us, achieved by using your eyes, can be blinded, some people have perfect vision and others have to wear glasses
Sight	to spot something, the sense of seeing/vision, to see and point out, sightseeing, to view wondrous things, an interesting situation
Sight	seeing, vision
Sight	what you have when you can see
Sight	see
Sight	One of your five senses
Sight	visionphysical beingslooking
Sight	being able to see, a sense, eyes, vision
Sight	vision, eyes and brain, colors, faces, lights, 
Sight	a scene, to look at, one of the senses
Sight	from eyes, what one sees, perception, 
Sight	To see, vision, opposite of blindness, color, objects, glasses, contacts, peripheral, blind spots, eyes.
Sight	blind, visual, sense, lens, glasses
Sight	vision, glasses, most creatures have this ability, goes hand in hand with smell. 
Sight	seeing, colors, visual cues, amazing, glasses, contacts, not awarded to everyone. 
Sight	vision, to see color, to have goals ahead, 
Sight	eyes, glasses, contacts, blindness, light or dark, colors
Sight	eyes, seeing,
Sight	the sense that the eyes are used for, vision, optic lobe of the brain
Sight	see, view, glasses, contacts, eye doctor
Sight	is a physical ability to see, is the act of seeing something, something you can see, is famous or interesting places that tourists vist.
Sight	eyes, glasses, contacts, seeing, vision, primary sense of humans, located on a face, most animals have them, how we view the world, interpreted by brain, subject to interpretation and perspectives, what things appear to look like
Sight	eyes
Sight	eyes, vision, bright/dark, cloudy/clear, 
Sight	vision, sense you see with, view, aiming device on weapon
Sight	seeing, colors, future
Sight	eyes, glasses, contacts, cones, rods, clear view, blurry, colors
Sight	eyes, out of sight out of mind, blindness
Sight	usuing your eyes, being able to see your surroundings, helps in all aspects of life
Sight	what you see, eyes, what your looking at
Sight	Something we use every day. It is how we perceive the world unless you are blind. It is one of our five senses. We can see many different colors and textures. By seeing different colors and textures we can plug that into our mind and think of an object or animal that fits into that category. 
Sight	use the eyes, if you don't have it you are blind, detection of differences in light, bats use sonar, helps animals navigate their surroundings.
Sight	The ability to see, use of vision.
Sight	power of seeing, perception of objects by use of eyes, vision, act, fact, or instance of seeing, range of vision, a view, glimpse, mental perception, judgement.
Sight	visioncan be far20/20
Sight	is vision, is using eyes, is an observation, can be in focus or out of focus
Sight	is a sense
Sight	One of the five senses. reflection of light, is used to visually expierence the world. Is adjustable to dark settings and surroundings.
Sight	ouch, stiff, tough, difficult, challenging
Sight	one of the five senses, used to see all the surroundings, uses eyes, picture is flipped and interpreted, has a pupil, has an iris, has an optic nerve, has a lens, seems essential until made to live without it
Sight	look, colors, clear, glasses, contacts
Sight	device used for positioning, measuring, or aiming, optical, object
Sight	seeing, eyes, glasses, 
Sight	describes the ability to see, allows to see the world, allows you to observe
Sight	see, eyes, picture
Sight	eyes, vision, bright, eye exam test, used to see
Sight	the seeing ability in organisms, can be colored or colorblind, is almost essential, something to be used for reading or even walking 
Snake	slithering, venomous, scary
Snake	snake is to bite, poison, slimy fat green scales 
Snake	Snake: sinister,  Chamber of Secrets (Harry Potter), slither, scales, stripes, long, sneaking, stealthy, predator, creepy, forest, rattle, poison, eat rodents, stalk their prey, swallow prey whole
Snake	long reptiles, venomous and non venomous, cold blooded, 
Snake	long, nasty, mean, venomous, scales, tounge, forked, no legs, crawl, slither
Snake	A reptile, cold blooded, sheds skin, poisonus or nonpoisonus, slithers, bites, strikes, hibernates, can be large or small.
Snake	python, slithery, scary, eats rabbits and mice
Snake	slinky, gross, can be either really small or huge, pythons, cobra, anaconda
Snake	scales, sleek, thin, long, short, mice, cold, sneaky, sly, suffocate pray
Snake	reptile, slithers, scales, venemous, teeth, rattle, colors, shape of head, pattern, live in holes, snake bites
Snake	slimy coldscary fangs big 
Snake	serpent, long body, no legs, scary
Snake	animal, reptile, no arms or legs, hisses, long, dangerous, scary, 
Snake	a reptile, slithers, hisses, sheds skin, can be venemous, has fangs, can constrict, can be many different sizes, can be harmless, eat rats, have scaly skin, live all across the earth, have beady eyes
Snake	reptile, has no legs, many species, some verminous, some not, common, cold-blooded, scary, predator, slithers
Snake	
Snake	repile, slithering thru the desert, venum, poisonous, fast, sharp teeth, rattle, scales
Snake	long and slimy, has scales, is green, is black, can be poisonous, found in many different areas, can be scary, can be kept as pets, slides around
Snake	 Traitor
Snake	is a reptile, they have scales, they are venomous, they slide around, they hiss, they rattle, they bite, they are edible, they are feared
Snake	reptile, scales, long tongue, some are poisonous, slithery, long, wild, animals, lay eggs
Snake	a nasty reptile, some people have phobias of them, without legs, has a tongue, has scales, killed by people, 
Snake	Reptilian organism.  Has scaly skin, elongated body, no limbs, fangs, slit-eyes.  Relies mainly on taste to navigate environments, as well as thermal vision as opposed to purely optical.  Can be a symbol of evil for many cultures.  Some are venomous, some are not.  Physical properties can vary in length and weight, but are typically smooth/slick.  Certain snakes will either use their rattler to intimidate or warn enemies, or hiss.
Snake	is a reptile, poisonous, slithers, long body, eats mice, "ssssss", has fangs, can swim and hides in holes
Snake	slithers, an animal, creepy, sometimes poisonous, venom, snake eyes, eats mice, slimy, no legs, comes in different sizes and colors
Snake	slithers, eats food, drinks water, sheds, has a long tongue, can be pets, are wild
Snake	long, no legs or feet, scales, reptile
Snake	long, slithering
Snake	scaled animal, lays eggs. can be venomous.
Snake	skinnyslimey
Snake	animal, slithers, comes in different colors, some are poisonous, venom, fangs, long, skinny, pets, zoo, found in different countries
Snake	slithers, ground animals, no legs, makes hissing noises
Snake	scary, slimy, slithers, bites, poisenous, different colors, has scales. fangs, lives near ponds, big or small
Snake	slithering, can be green or brown, can be venomous, can squeeze a person to death, has fangs, can be small or big, live in nature, scaly, no limbs, reptile
Snake	Has venom, moves by slithering, has scales, has fangs, is dangerous, some live on water, some live on land, sheds it's skin, some are hunted, smells with its tounge.
Snake	garden, charmer, the movie Aladin, 
Snake	can be long or short, they slither on their bellies on the ground, slimy and scaly, animal, can be pets, eat mice.
Snake	slithers, hisses, slimy, forked tongue, scary, repulsive, reptilian, evil. 
Snake	slithery, lives outdoors, can be venomous, 
Snake	green, evil, slimy, stealthy, quiet, deadly, poisonous, expendable jaw, long tongue
Snake	slithers, scary, scales, poisonous, fork like tongue, desert, rattles, eats mice,
Snake	reptile, long, thin, no legs, sometime poisonous
Snake	slither, hissing, rattles, snake bites, slimy, gross, eats food whole
Snake	is a animal, a long thin body, no legs, that often has a poisonous bite, is a person, someone who cannot be trusted.
Snake	animal, reptile, slimy, long, thin, fangs, dangerous, can be very tiny or very huge, can have poisonous fangs, can kill you, kind of scary, sometimes kept as pets, can be found outside or in jungles, water snakes, kill off vermin, predators, demonized, a threat
Snake	weird
Snake	reptile, scales, slithers, no legs, hissing, split tounge, a common fear, preditor/prey
Snake	scaly, cold-blooded, reptile, can be venomous or non-venomous, fangs, coils, rattlesnake, bite, slither, 
Snake	an animal, found in the forest and water, can be small, can be huge, has scales, often causes fear, can be posionous, has fangs, can kill people
Snake	reptile, intimidating, exotic, require heating
Snake	slimey, grimey, horrific, sneaky, not trustworthy, deceitful,
Snake	scaly, slithery, sometimes poisonous. kills mice and other rodents, sometimes birds. is eaten by larger birds and other predators. hisses, slithers, some can swim, lives in all types of environments, all different kinds of colors.
Snake	an animal, can be dangerous, bite, no feet or arms, 
Snake	A long cold blooded animal, it slithers, it's a reptile, they have fangs ans scales, they come in different colors and patters. some are venomous and can kill you. They eat their prey whole. Made up of a very strong muscle. 
Snake	reptile, long slender body, has scales but feels smooth, can be poisonous or harmless, slithers, lives in grass and under rocks, eats bugs and small animals, can be tiny or huge, bites or constricts to kill, in zoos, can be pets, flicking split tongue, creepy eyes, shed their skin seasonally.
Snake	A scaly slithering, hissing, reptile.
Snake	elongated reptiles, limbless, scaly, compromising venomous or nonvenomous, tropical and temperate areas, lay eggs, swims, lives in water or on land, eats mice, 
Snake	can be venemousthere are many different typesare indeginous to acertain are
Snake	is a reptile, has no legs, slithers, lays eggs, has scales, lives in water or land, has long tongue, can be poisonous
Snake	is an animal, had no back bone, slithers, had scales, sometimes eaten 
Snake	Reptile, lives all aorund the world, can poses venom or poison, can constrict its prey, has no legs and moves across terrain very slowly. Eats small mamals.
Snake	gun, dead, "oh shoot" (oh shit) 
Snake	scary animal, slithering, long tongue, venemous fangs
Snake	long, no legs, squirmy,
Snake	reptile, no legs, serpent, can be poisonous, used as a symbol of evil, several varieties
Snake	scary, disgusting, poisonous, crawling, dangerous, deadly, kill people, kill animals, slimy
Snake	is a reptile, can be very long, can be very little, are similar shaped to a rope, have fangs, can be poisnoness, are all different colors, can be pets
Snake	fear, mouse, jungle
Snake	ugly, slithers, usually long, very scary, lives in water and the ground, eats mice, gross, very many different types, can be harmful, some are poisonous
Snake	a reptile, slithery, feels scaly to the touch, can be a pet, eats mice and rodents, can grow to be very big, lives in the wild mainly, some can be venomous, others can be harmless, cold blooded, likes warmth
Success	achieving, doing well,complete
Success	Success is to achievement, goals, organized, and timed.
Success	Success: happiness, security, self-esteem, self-assurance, confidence, loving who you are not who you were, accessing your life and finding you made a more positive impact than negative
Success	
Success	win, business, happy, marriage, journey, money, succeed, 
Success	excede beyond expectations
Success	achieving your goals, reaching your full potential, have a stable lifestyle
Success	when you complete a task well, when somethings goes in your favor, when you have won something, when people praise you for you actions
Success	hard work, determination, progress, different meanings for everyone, happy feeling, accomplishment
Success	accomplishment, won
Success	accomplish victory 
Success	to achieve greatness, accomplish goals
Success	to achieve, to win, to not fail
Success	being happy, doing well, completeing a task, winning
Success	to achieve, winning, opposite of losing, positive
Success	
Success	weath, recieving good education, wiining a game, big house, happiness, good grades, winning
Success	happiness, smiling, feeling of doing something right, usually a reward, can be a team effort, can be a personal goal
Success	Gols
Success	completing your goals, feeling good about what you did, doing what needed to be done, 
Success	wealthy, achieve any kind of goal, completed a task,
Success	winning, physical or mental, can be combined with an award, associated with happiness
Success	Similar to Win, but does not require defeat of an opponent.  Success can apply to anything that involves a task or procedure.  Not a concrete noun, no physical properties.  
Success	wealth, receiving a good education, happiness, big house, winning in a sports game, working towards a goal and achieving it, being proud of what one accomplishes
Success	to achieve a goal, to meet expectations, to achieve a state of satisfactory completion mentally or physically, to not fail
Success	correct, win, achievement
Success	opposite of failure
Success	accomplishments, succeed, proud
Success	Mike Vaughn
Success	happiness
Success	accomplishments, job success, school success, shopping success, 
Success	happiness, relationships, job, family, money
Success	defeated all, accomplished goals, set records
Success	to win, to obtain something, to do well, 
Success	To accomplish a goal, the opposite of fail, desired ending, winning, to pass.
Success	money, gradution, career
Success	Achievement, happiness, met a goal, satisfied 
Success	achieving goals, hard work, rewarding, college, career, family, friends, supportive, challenging, able to attain, have something to show for all the hard work; i.e. college degree, family, etc. 
Success	winning, being on top, completeing a task,
Success	pursuit of happiness, corporate promotions, suit and tie, nice things like cars, big houses, nice things, big tvs
Success	accomplishing a task, being rich and happy, making good grades,
Success	finishing something in a good way, achieving the desired results
Success	achieving your dreams, money, power, happiness
Success	is a word when we receive what we want or intend, when a lot of people live something, buy something, go to see something etc.
Success	victory, win, the best, achieved something, prize, obtained something, beat other, better off than before, proud, happy
Success	business, economy, winning
Success	happy, winning, hard working, sweat, pain, finished, compleat
Success	accomplishment, awards, promotion, money, 
Success	hard to achieve, working hard, accomplishing a task, getting a good grade, 
Success	happiness, achieving goals, exceeding expectations, overcoming difficulty
Success	on top of the world, good money, security, happiness
Success	accomplishing all of your goals, having people be impressed with all that you have accomplished, being happy
Success	everyone wants it, makes you feel good, accomplishment
Success	you have done something right. studying has payed off. you made a good grade. You won the game. You made the final goal. 
Success	acheiving a goal or certain status, winning, gives satisfaction at least momentarily, we all hope for it, it makes people proud, different definitions for different people.
Success	In your eyes, being what you set out to be, or doing what you set out to do.
Success	attainment of wealt, position, or honor, performance, achievement.
Success	have to fail firstleads to winning
Success	is an accomplishment of goals, can correlate with money or position, 
Success	Something you obtain through hard work, completing a goal
Success	The fufillment of a task. Self completion. "The American Dream."  the defination somone who is determined to progress in life.
Success	dark, cold, alone, empty 
Success	feeling accomplished, getting something done, acheiving a goal, going somewhere in life
Success	achieve, future, wealthy, happy
Success	accomplishment of goal or task, varies by person and profession, to finish correctly
Success	winning, happiness, achieving, money, attaining goals
Success	is met with goals, is met with motivation, is a positive and encouraging aspect
Success	winner, money, perfect, honor
Success	school helps you become successful, hardworking
Success	something that is accomplished, something that is worked for, you earn it, it gives a person pride in who they are
Thirst	water, drinking,hot
Thirst	Thirst is to liquid, fluid, different colors, smells, makes people hydrated. 
Thirst	Thirst: hydration, water, famished, parched, dry mouth, craving liquid, essential for life, need to drink for survival
Thirst	
Thirst	water, hungry, soda, tea, quinch, hot day
Thirst	dehydrated, parched
Thirst	hunger, parched, dehydration, dryness
Thirst	thirst: the need for something to drink, dehydration, water, or any other beverage, mouth getting dry and when you finally drink it helps the feeling of being thirsty
Thirst	water or any type of liquid, dry mouth, sports, dehydration
Thirst	water, dry, tongue, fatigue
Thirst	water tired dry 
Thirst	want something, drink
Thirst	needing something to drink, being thirsty, being dehydrated, having a dry mouth
Thirst	having a dry mouth, having an itchy throat, aquire after a workout, desire for something
Thirst	desire for liquid, feeling, healthy, quenchable, extinguished by water
Thirst	
Thirst	need water or gatorade, dry, help, frustrating, uncomfortable, bad taste, helpless
Thirst	not a good feeling, needing water, hot and tired, after a long run, need to have something to drink
Thirst	 Dry
Thirst	wanting something to drink, water, soda, having a dry mouth, 
Thirst	anyone can have it, quench it with a beverage, water, soda, milk, dry, empty,want, need
Thirst	fixed by drinking, can be a sign of dehydration, without fixing can result in dehydration
Thirst	The need or craving for something, typically applied to a need for liquid nourishment caused by a dryness in the mouth or throat.  no physical properties. occurs in any organism that requires water or other liquids to maintain life.
Thirst	parched; in need of something to drink, water, mouth is dry
Thirst	to want drink, can be quenched, triggered by dehydration, water is the cure, experience this on hot days, to have a desire for something
Thirst	need liquid, feels bad, hurts throat, uncomfortable
Thirst	what happens when i don't get enough to drink.
Thirst	quench, hydration, water
Thirst	to have a want for something.
Thirst	waterdry mouth
Thirst	parched, drink, quench your thirst, dehydrated 
Thirst	water, bad feeling, uncomfortable 
Thirst	need to be hydrated, need a beverage
Thirst	Need water, comes from eating salty foods, have it in the desert, a want for something, can quench it with liquids.
Thirst	Dry mouth, cotton mouth, lack of water, dehydration.
Thirst	water, camel, desert, oasis, soda, hot, nauseous, sick
Thirst	parched, dehydrated, hot, water, need
Thirst	dry mouth, exhausting, unquenchable, quenchable, liquid, water, soda, something we all experience, able to be conquered, daily occurrence. 
Thirst	needing a drink, dehydration, 
Thirst	water, drought, waterfalls, dusty, rain, monsoons
Thirst	water, parched, dry throat, needing liquid
Thirst	in need of liquid, to desire something to drink
Thirst	dry throat, parched, need something to drink
Thirst	is a feeling, which the feeling of wanting or needing a drink, is a statement of not having enough to drink, is a expectation, is a strong desire for knowledge etc
Thirst	desire for water, need, essential to quench in order to maintain life, water brings great relief, a way our body communicates its needs
Thirst	pepsi, water, gatorade, mouth
Thirst	water, electorlites, dry, craving, reaction to lack of fluids, dehydration
Thirst	water, parched, dehydrated, dry mouth
Thirst	wanting to drink something
Thirst	dry mouth, craving, drinks, water
Thirst	water, drinks, thirst for life
Thirst	being thirsty, needing to drink something, feeling parched, having a dry throat/mouth, being dehydrated
Thirst	you need to drink something, a feeling, 
Thirst	A crave we get when we need water in our system. dry tongue. water, soda, juice, milk, and other beverages are used to satisfy our thirst. 
Thirst	needing water, recently exercised, hot day, dry mouth, sweating, can die of it, body can't do aerobic respiration well to get the energy it needs
Thirst	Needing of replenishment or water, a degree of dehydration.
Thirst	dryness in the mouth, throat, need of liquid.
Thirst	need for waterlack of waterdryhot
Thirst	is a desire, is a feeling, is a sensation, is curable
Thirst	no being hydrated
Thirst	Used to describe somone who is parched. Desire for water. 
Thirst	pumpkins, farm, corn, beans, ranches
Thirst	dry throat, longing for a drink of anything cold, dehydration
Thirst	gatorade, water, waterboy, dehydrated, H2O
Thirst	in deprivation of fluids, physical state, 
Thirst	water, dehydration, parched, 
Thirst	is part of all living life, is not a happy feeling, is a desperate feeling
Thirst	water, drink, pop, want, hunger, relief
Thirst	gatorade quenches thirst, need a drink, water, soda
Thirst	dry throat, wants a drink, hot, dehydrated, sweating, scratchy throat, can't speak well 
Toast	bread, bead with better, french toast
Toast	toast is to wedding, love creations 
Toast	Toast: to give your best of wishes to someone with a drink, to cook bread with dry heat, to cook marshmallows over an open flame, to get hot and burn up
Toast	edible, slice of crispy bread, can put many different toppings on it like butter and jelly, breakfast, made in a toaster
Toast	bread, butter, cinnamon, cereal, toaster, butter knife, peanut butter, jelly, jam, 
Toast	bread that has been slightly burned that is edible
Toast	bread, toast and jelly, toast with drinks, 
Toast	bread that has been lightly heated in a toaster to where it is a light brown and tastes good with butter and a little bit of strawberry jam.
Toast	butter, peanut butter, jelly, can be burned, goes in toaster, breakfast food 
Toast	bread, toaster, jelly, butter, peanut butter, white or wheat, burnt, dry
Toast	warm butter 
Toast	crunchy bread, eaten with jelly and butter, sandwich
Toast	breakfast food, bread, made in the toaster, put jelly and butter on it, made with eggs and bacon, 
Toast	to slightly burn something, heat up, temporarily heat up, makes bread golden, crisps, put into a toaster, to make crunchy
Toast	is cooked bread, crunches, brown, tasty, food, 
Toast	
Toast	bread, crunchy, black, toaster, eated, good with eggs, toased sandwich, warm, texture, put butter on it
Toast	butter and jam, put it in the toaster, used for sandwiches, eaten at breakfast, eaten at lunch, eaten at dinner, a simple meal, tastes good with cinnamon and sugar
Toast	 calibration
Toast	Bread, put butter on it, put jelly on it, made with a toaster, it tastes really good, its a breakfast food, crunchy 
Toast	food, french, jelly, butter, eggs, ham, orange juice, tasty, everyone can eat it. breakfast
Toast	toasted bread, eaten for breakfast, sometimes plain or for a sandwich, comes from a toaster
Toast	A piece of bread that has been heated/seared to produce a crisper, harder, piece of food.  Tastes dry, sounds crisp or crackly, smells like warm bread/wheat, feels rough/dry.  Is eaten as a common breakfast food, but can be eaten at any time.  More prevalent in Western cultures, but can be found in many countries.  
Toast	breakfast, butter and jelly, put in a toaster, crispy, bread
Toast	breakfast item out of the toaster, cheers to a person or situation, made with alcohol, give a speech, put butter and jelly on it, easy to burn, if you beat someone badly they are said to be "toast"
Toast	bread, is brown, can be black, taste good, crumbles, is hot
Toast	burnt bread
Toast	butter, jelly, peanut butter, burnt
Toast	bread that has been put into a toaster for the length of time to slightly burn the outer later of the bread. goes good with jelly or jam.
Toast	crispybrowngoldencrunchbutterhoneyjelly
Toast	toaster, jam, jelly, breakfast, butter, bread, white, wheat, slices
Toast	morning food, bread, butter, found in kitchen 
Toast	is a food, edible, crunchy, usually for breakfast
Toast	to cheers, toast with champagne flutes, new years eve, weddings, best man toast, 
Toast	Heated bread, usually eaten with butter, burnt, slices of bread, eaten for breakfast, white, whole grain, wheat.
Toast	jam, bread, strawberries, breakfast, cafe, coffee
Toast	bread, heat, can be eaten with butter or jelly. Breakfast food. goes great with orange juice.
Toast	darkened bread, butter, jelly, peanut butter, burnt, crunchy, bitter. 
Toast	bread, slightly burnt, food,
Toast	bread, crusty, brown
Toast	burnt, bread, jelly, butter, lightly burn, heat
Toast	a piece of bread that is heater, hot, edible, breakfast food
Toast	bread,breakfast,milk,peanut butter,honey,jelly,cinnamon, bananas,nutella,toaster,mornings
Toast	is a action for drinking, is a way for using oven or roaster, bread that has been heated so that it is brown on both sides and no longer soft. drinking something in order to thank them, wish them luck.
Toast	raising glasses, a cooked piece of bread, covered with butter, tasty, breakfast, smells amazing, sometimes burnt, put inside a toaster, pops up out of toaster, usually eaten alongside other foods
Toast	french, toaster, cinnamon
Toast	burnt, crunchy, butter, made from bread. cooked in a toaster, comfort food during illness, smells delectable, brown in color, sometimes black. food
Toast	butter, cinnamon, sugar, bread, honey, made in toaster or oven, 
Toast	bread, breakfast, warm
Toast	bread, butter, toaster, OR saying cheers, drinking wine, weddings, parties, events, special memories
Toast	bread, butter, jelly, juice, breakfast, oranges, apples, pancakes, waffles, cream cheese, bagels
Toast	a piece of bread that has been heated so that it's slightly browned and not as soft as before, some is burned completely and some is only slightly brown, typically eaten for breakfast.
Toast	somethng that is scrispy, cooking, type of food
Toast	a piece of bread that is heated up between two hot coils. golden brown. butter and jam. breakfast. 
Toast	from bread, usually buttered, made in a toaster, crunchy, hopefully brown and not black, has crust, good with spreads like jam, for breakfast, often served with eggs, made from grains.
Toast	A toasted piece of bread, cooked bread.
Toast	bread, sliced, browned by dry heat, may contain butter, or jelly, sometimes burnt, strong aroma, crunchy, edible, food, grain,has crust n the outside.
Toast	is hot is crunchyfor breakfast
Toast	is baked bread, is edible, eaten with sandwiches, can be black or brown, can be made in toaster or oven, eaten at breakfast, lunch, and or dinner,
Toast	is bread, is brown, has crust, is a carb, is eaten
Toast	bread. Burnt. Warmed up bread with a crunchy taste. Used to eat in the mornings or before bed.
Toast	cereal, cows, white
Toast	to brown, bread, butter, heat, used to warm something
Toast	and jelly, breakfast, warm, crunchy
Toast	heated bread, slices, 
Toast	bread, drinks, wedding, speeches, 
Toast	is food, is break heated, is crispy, is used for many different foods
Toast	butter, breakfast, jelly, toaster, wedding, occasion, event, happy, sad
Toast	Bread, Food, Tasteful, Can be a speech someone gives at wedding or other important event
Toast	a speech at a dinner gathering, to drink with some sort of alcohol, to be praising someone or congratulating them, done at a wedding a party or reception
Win	won, didnt lose
Win	Win is to medal, challenge and gold
Win	Win: not to lose, to accept the final outcome, to do your best, to be happy regardless of outcome
Win	celebration, hard work, satisfaction, 
Win	victory, champion, game, match, set, first, lose, competition, sports
Win	not lose, to beat your opponent
Win	succeed, victory, attain, accomplish, goal
Win	win: charlie sheen, winning. to be victorious, a feeling of elation because you beat your opponent, teamwork, championships, 
Win	opposite of loose, a good feeling, accomplishment, success, cheering, smiles, happiness, celebration
Win	a game, contest, race, winner, the best
Win	excitingmetal proud basketball games 
Win	not lose, beat the opponant, first place
Win	to not lose, to accomplish something, to succeed
Win	to succeed, having an advantage over something, to beat something out, 
Win	opposite of lose, victory, champion, competition, reward, 
Win	
Win	cardinals, beating a team, winning the lotery, happy, success, victory
Win	is a great feeling, happens at casinos, during a sports game, to get a prize
Win	money 
Win	opposite of lose, defeating the other team, doing your best, champions
Win	victory, hard work, goals, everyone wants it, the best, sweet, success, better, 
Win	opposite of losing, can result of in award, can be physical or mental, results from beating others
Win	Victory; Opposite of lose.  To defeat an opponent or complete a task.  Feels good psychologically, no particular look, sound, smell, or taste.  Not a concrete noun.
Win	sports game, victory, champion, confidence, success, award, opposite of losing, trophy, finish line, high score
Win	to not lose, to be victorious over another group, to do exceedingly well, the goal of competition, opposite of losing, what good teams do, satisfactory feeling
Win	victor, accomplishment 
Win	what happens when you don't lose
Win	accomplish, succeed
Win	Charlie Sheen
Win	on top
Win	is a word associated with sporting events- beating the opponent, it could also be involved with accomplishments, or other competitive events
Win	victory, sports, debates
Win	to defeat, to earn something better than others
Win	to dominate, to be the best, champion, superb, sporting events, debates, elections
Win	Success, happiness, competition, skill, luck, to beat something or someone, to accomplish a goal, opposite of losing.
Win	race, victory, defeat, loss, excitment
Win	Number one, achievement, gain, top performance, experience, feeling of happiness.
Win	to defeat another, success, honor, glory, pride, happiness, celebration.
Win	to dominate, to succeed, to beat an opponent, satified, 
Win	first place, win a race or game, championship, medals, trophies, motivation
Win	victory, scoring, accomplishing a feat
Win	the opposite of losing, being the victor
Win	success, happiness,teamwork, strategy,plans 
Win	is a success, is a victory, especially in sport.
Win	victory, achievement, get a prize, satisfaction, defeated others, conquer, better than the losers, self satisfaction, the best, trophy, medal, joyous, happens in competitions
Win	winning, expectations
Win	success, excitement, medals, cheering, #1!!, accomplishment, hard working, dedication, determination. team, opposite of losing, faith. 
Win	victory, achieve more than others
Win	is an accomplishment, beating someone else or something
Win	being the best, competition, chance
Win	trophy, champion, awesomeness, awards, grammy, oscar, golden globe, moonman, BET awards
Win	
Win	your better than somone, everyone wants to win, compitition
Win	you beat the other team. you had more points. or in golf you had less points. You were better than the other. 
Win	not a loss, reach a goal, being better than another group, sports teams, happy, exciting, empowering, satisfactory, worth the hard work.
Win	to not lose, to be successful and achieve what you set out to do, to find something positive about an action.
Win	gain victory, finest first, be the best, recieve an award, great honor, sense of accomplishment, pride.
Win	to be the besttakes ard work
Win	a victory, an accomplishment, being in first place
Win	is a verb, referred to in games and sports, 
Win	Achieveing victory in a competition. Being number 1. 
Win	illegal, robbers, guilty, unjust
Win	to come out on top, highest score, getting a prize rather tangible or intangible, games
Win	success, undefeated, games, fun, enjoyable
Win	victory, outcome, competition, 
Win	success, happiness, goals, first place, medals
Win	describes a victory, is a positive thing, is a motivation, is what all athlete want
Win	lose, competition, contest, trophy, team 
Win	higher score wins, competition, something you have to work at, everyone likes to win
Win	to score higher than another person or team, to be rewarded with praise, to get the gold or a trophy, to be recognized as first place, happiness and enjoyment
Wire	telephone wire
Wire	Wire is to steal, gray,silver, heavy and electrical. Produces electricity.
Wire	Wire: electric, Christmas lights, physics, being shocked, tripping over cords, electric cords, telephone wires, wireless objects, complexity
Wire	
Wire	phone, metal, sharp, long, thin, round, 
Wire	metal formed into a small strand used in all electronics, telephone wire, electric wire
Wire	metal, helps connect many electrical devices, helps conduct electricity
Wire	connects a wireless object to a socket, telephone wires on the side of the streets, skinny, black and long
Wire	fence, prison, keep people out, braces, science projects, bendy, metal, long or short, fat or thin
Wire	bendy, metal, hard, sharp, can electricute, different colors, used for electricity
Wire	eletric dangerous cord
Wire	long, rope like
Wire	metal, thin, bendy, 
Wire	transfer of something, cords, electricity, thin, slender
Wire	is metal string, thin, malleable, conducts electricity, 
Wire	
Wire	thin, firm, long, flexible, electric, rusty, money, transfer, bank, fence, barbed, sharp, braces, hanger
Wire	is used for many things, is hard to twist, it tastes bad, it is used for fences, farmers uses it, builders in cities use it, hangers are made from it
Wire	Electricity
Wire	is shiny, is hard, it carries electricity, copper, rubber coating, it is metal, run throughout buildings
Wire	electricity, copper, clothes pins, used for tying, orange, metal, 
Wire	usually made of metal, can be electric, used for many appliances, is very bendy usually, can be made of other materials,
Wire	a thin piece of metal steel, encased in a plastic sheath.  Conducts electricity. used by electricians. has properties of metal: luster, high melting point, high tinsel strength, smooth, metallic taste. Can be used in telephone lines, computers, or any other electronic device.
Wire	thin, electricity, long, fence, barbed, hot, phone lines
Wire	comes in lots of forms, made of many materials, in the walls of a house, power cords, wire ties, old fashioned name for the telephone, used to transmit a variety of energies, made of copper, made of gold, made of iron, long and skinny
Wire	is long, is short, is made of medal, wrapped in plastic, transports electricity
Wire	used to connect electronics.
Wire	thin, connectivity
Wire	wire is a cable that carries information/power from one area to another.
Wire	televisionworking things
Wire	electric, in walls, make things work, TV's
Wire	thin metal, method of securing something, 
Wire	bendible, sharp, dangerous, shiny
Wire	holds things, people can walk on it, thin or thick, made of metal, have wire cutters, a TV show, news source, 
Wire	Metal, copper, iron, steel, used to connect objects, cylindrical, thin, bought at hardware stores, rust, shiny, conducts heat, conducts electricity.
Wire	hangers, antennas, long cords, electricity, science
Wire	is thin, used by electricians, can be shaped into a hanger, used to unlock doors, holds things together.
Wire	copper, straight, hard, metal, shiny, bendable, can be contorted into many different shapes, can be cold to the touch, can be hot to the touch (when heated), used for construction purposes. 
Wire	technology, used in high speed, can be used to trip, metal, copper, 
Wire	metal, silver, flimsy
Wire	strong metal, skinny, attaches to something
Wire	long, thin, connects electronic devices to the wall or to each other, carries electrical currents
Wire	sharp, shiny, come in many colors, farms, animal pins,pointy
Wire	is a metal in the form of a thread, is a piece of metal like this, used for carrying electrical currents or signals, is also a piece of electronic recording equipment, usually worn secretly on someone's clothes.
Wire	is long, is black, is useful, electrical, has plugs on the ends, is easily tangled, is smooth, is found everywhere, made of plastic, connects things, sometimes charges electronics, provides power
Wire	cutters, prison
Wire	metal, copper,steal, cable, elictricity, solid, shock, hold together, fences, twists 
Wire	made of metal, used in electronics, conducts electricity, sometimes coated in plastic, found in coils or rolls
Wire	is an object, can be used for many diffrent things, flexable, can be thick or thin
Wire	metal cord, used for connection, sparks
Wire	telephone, television, telegram
Wire	something that circulates electricity, used with t.v.'s, telephones, hair dries, and many other electrical appliances, most of them are long and have prongs on the end that connect to outlets in the wall.
Wire	used in technology, used for eletricity, used for technology
Wire	a long, thick, string like item. Used to pass electricity through to other objects. Comes in different colors and different thicknesses. It can also be used in art and to hang things with. 
Wire	metal, long, round, smooth, copper, used in electrical circuits, wire fences, for chicken coops, rusts, bendable, holds it's shape/not elastic, strong.
Wire	is a lengthy metal string, with barbs or just smooth cylinder metal, used for fences.
Wire	slender, stringlike, pieceof metal, circular in section, manufactured, great variety of diameters and metals, woven, or twisted together.
Wire	made of copperdangerouscan be hot
Wire	is a thin chord, can be many colors, used mainly for electric things
Wire	Metal, copper, plastic, can be used for electrical purposes
Wire	Strong, sturdy, used to fasten things.can be but is not limited to steel,iron, or metal. very durable and can be used in a variety of different ways. Universal.
Wire	:( , crying, blankets, quiet, bland, alone
Wire	skinny, used in electricity, used when talking about someone's sanity or a situation, getting your wires tangled
Wire	telephone, metal, not easy to break, strands, sharp
Wire	made of metal, wrapped with plastic tubing, conducts electricity, measured in gauges, 
Wire	metal, connection, hard, long, coiled.
Wire	is made of metal, is thin, is thick, is colorful, is flexible
Wire	cord, power, electricity
Wire	usually connected to something that needs electricity, or can be used to 
Wire	a phone line, a way to communicate, phone poles that go through out a city, where bird sit on to rest, has electricity passing through it, can be dangerous, not to be played with 
Writing	words, journals, articles, papers 
Writing	writing is to paper, pencil and pen, coloring books and special paper
Writing	Writing: novelist, poetry, creativity, poor/rich, eccentric, romance, mystery, reading, journals, authors, grammar, spelling, paragraphs, sentences, figurative language
Writing	
Writing	paper, pen, pencil, words, eraser, class, english
Writing	somethng you do on paper
Writing	script, inscription, lettering, numbers, writing papers
Writing	handwritten, pen or pencil, paper, either your own words and thoughts or taking down notes from a teacher
Writing	pen to paper, pencil to paper, words, emotion, stories, novels, poetry, letters, notes, homework, essays, neat or messy hand writing.
Writing	pens, pencils, papers, class, books, boring
Writing	papers pencil 
Writing	script, words, make a story
Writing	can be typed or by hand, uses pens or pencils, words, stories, fact, fiction, notes, books, newspapers, magazines, writers, 
Writing	creating symbols, expressing your feelings, telling a story, defining, to communicate
Writing	is a linguistical piece of art, created by an author, 
Writing	
Writing	writing a paper, pencil, language arts, a book, poems, school, lead, markers, english, language, handwriting, personality
Writing	famous people, lots of words, books and letters, fancy calligraphy, black letters, sorrow pouring on the page, happy thoughts
Writing	 Ideas
Writing	i don't like it, it's used to communicate, it's boring, many different ways of doing it, takes forever
Writing	essential for everyone to communicate and learn, history, record, remember, pass on information, life, everything.
Writing	is converting to typing, taught in school, used in all areas, can be very personalized, many different forms (creative, profession, etc), critical to get a point to the masses
Writing	A group of words in a logical style that produces sentences, paragraphs, and, in a more general sense, ideas.  Literal definition may imply physical writing on a piece of paper with ink or pencil, but it may also describe a piece of writing, such as a book or magazine article.  Other than look (usually black lettering on a white background), no physical properties.  Can be used to convey messages or ideas.
Writing	papers, english class, done on the computer or on paper with a pen or pencil, sentences, handwriting either printed or in cursive, 
Writing	the act of creating visible language, taught in english classes, considered a necessary skill in American society, a skill that must be practiced to perfect, do this to make books, use a pen or pencil, do it on paper
Writing	gives information, expresses yourself, use a pencil, use a pen, use paper
Writing	not typing.
Writing	pencil, expressing
Writing	a piece of literature
Writing	handsblack
Writing	author, write a novel, paper
Writing	hands, pencils, pens, papers, assignments, way to express emotions, long or short
Writing	is a verb, to write a paper, can use a pen, pencil, marker, crayon, ect. helps understand better
Writing	penmanship, words, compositions, essays, english, language, tedious, hobby, poetry, biographies, 
Writing	Pens, pencils, paper, typing, printer, paragraphs, indentations, sentences, periods, colons, exclamation points, question marks, semicolons, grammar, conveying speech through the use of letters and symbols.
Writing	block, english, language spelling grammar
Writing	imagination. Grammar, assignment, a way to express one's self.
Writing	the act of recording one's thoughts and actions, scribbling, jotting, recording thoughts and events for people who were not there (future generations).
Writing	can be vital to a society, must have been taught, old way of life
Writing	hard, boring, necessary, rough drafts, revising, final drafts, printing, cursive, typing,
Writing	pencil, words, a class, jotting down ideas,
Writing	a form of communication, typically learn by children in school, typically requires a pen, pencil, or marker and paper but can use other materials
Writing	english, school, writing 110, college, essays, homework
Writing	is word that have been written or printed, is a book, poem, article etc, especially those by a particular writer or about a particular subject, is an activity of writing books, stories etc, is a particulat way that someone writes with a pen or pencil. is a representation of language.
Writing	done with pencils and pens, used to communicate messages, used in schools, student use it, communicate stories, partially replaced by printing press and computers, used on paper, penmanship, can be cursive or print, used by all languages, replaced oral cultures, changed society, time consuming, words, letters
Writing	eng 110, papers, Essays, pencil, pen, paper
Writing	class, paper, pens, letters, books, essays, novels, journals
Writing	can be done with paper and pen and paper or computer, creative process, act of putting down thoughts
Writing	boring, homework, takes forever, 
Writing	pen to paper, creativity, typing on a computer, making lists, grammar, language, syntax, poetry, narrative, argument
Writing	poems, songs, ballads, scripts, speeches 
Writing	Writing is what people do to communicate with each other and to express how they feel, information, ideas, etc. It can also be used as entertainment with books.
Writing	used for comunication, used for expressing yourself, different ways to do it, everyone does it
Writing	pushing a pen or pencil to paper. Typing on a computer or typewriter. black ink. White paper, school, offices, newspapers.  
Writing	in paragraphs, prose, poetry, different kinds like mystery or romance, calligraphy, persuasive, for entertainment, to pass on news or knowledge, informational, used to express emotions or ideas, for school, books and newspapers.
Writing	The process of using a pencil or pen to put something on paper.
Writing	person that writes, written form, commit one's thoughts, pen, pencil, paper, style, kind, quality, inscription.
Writing	research paperpoembookenglish
Writing	is putting thoughts on paper, uses characters/symbols to express thoughts
Writing	is literature, is homework, is done in different languages, 
Writing	Emotion releasing, used to translate thoughts and ideas, commonly used to converse with others. The universal art of transmiting knowlege down to generations.
Writing	high elevation, pretty views, snow, cold, calm, confidence
Writing	english, time to sit and think, an outlet to slip away from society, pencil and paper or computer, reveals one's thoughts, could be something as simple as writing a to-do list
Writing	class, book, story, lyrics, songs, creative, essays
Writing	composition of words to create a work. readable, 
Writing	utensil, drawing, papers, school, english, pen, microsoft word, 
Writing	describes the act of using a writing utensil to document thoughts, usually has a purpose/topic, is learned in elementary school, is used all thoughout school
Writing	book, paper, essay, school, newspaper, magazine
Writing	can be english paper, journal, diary
Writing	using a pen or pencil on paper for school, typing on the computer, using words to complete sentences, a thoughtful acquisition, taking Army	hero, military force, battery, cavalry, troops, platoon, infantry, corps, company, battalion, artillery, division
Army	service men, kill people in the name of war, organized killing
Army	is a group, gathered to fight for similar beliefs, normally has weapons
Army	military, strength, protectors, bootcamp, war,push ups, drill, letters, overseas, reserve, army strong
Army	military, navy, air force, war, iraq, family, friends
Army	soldiers, death, green, brown, guns, tanks, wars, helmets, cries, honors, navy, air force, ROTC, training, hard work, veterans, officials, strong, big, men, draft, uniform, blood, nurses, doctors
Army	in the military, very strict, is protective, allows freedom, carries guns, wear camoflage, strong, family, is tough
Army	where my brother is, harsh, can help or hurt a person, if there is a war, people are taken from the army to defend, pays for college, camoflauge, lots of physical demands
Army	armed group of men or women,   fighters
Army	country, protection, 
Army	provides structure, branch of the military, protects freedoms, composed of volunteer soldiers, has a rank system, helps pay for college
Army	america, air force, marine corps, national guard, navy, iraq, war, strong in body and mind, away from their families for long periods of time, risk their lives
Army	part of the United States national defense, platoon, group of men who defend a certain country from invaders
Army	strick, helping, tough times, fighting, willing, troops, america
Army	fights for our freedom and rights, very structured, strong, brave, defending our country
Army	brave people, strong people, people i look up too, united state of american, appreciation, respect, honorable, something who stands up when no one else will, fighting for our country
Army	U.S. army, pride, sacrifice, cost U.S. lots of money
Army	protects our country, fight our wars, large numbers, many different levels
Army	patriotic, protects the country, group of soldiers, wear camoflauge, fight the enemy, part of the armed forces, has ranks, strength, teamwork
Army	war,navey, military, hard work, camoflage
Army	courage, fight for our country, america, travelers, soldiers
Army	protection, soldiers, war, training, camouflage, commitment, trust,  
Army	A job, a group of frogs, an entitlement, people joining together to protect rights and guarantee freedom. 
Army	soldiers, military, troops, Iraq, world war II, wars, fights, guns, bombs, camouflage, boots, land 
Army	protection, strength, mass amount, 
Army	is a group of people who defend a country, very disciplined people, organization with strict rules, the reason Americans are free, very prideful organization, used for war, used to protect 
Army	is a military force, comprised of many soldiers, has hierarchical rankings, fights in wars, delivers relief effort, has been trained, lives on bases, comprised of many people with many jobs
Army	organization of soldiers, protection, fighters, 
Army	love, selfless, sacrificing their life, dedicated, strong
Army	camo, protect us, would never want to join, powerful and forceful, automatic guns, tactful
Army	-kill-war
Army	soldier, band of brothers, group of people fighting for one's country, boot camp, fighters and warriors
Army	protection, weapons, war, drafts, recuits, ROTC, tactics safety, american.
Army	group of people, usually needed for combat
Army	military, United States, protect citizens, secure, weapons, go in to war, strict, a lot of training, combat, uniforms, 
Army	military, proud,  grateful, tough, cameo, marines, a friend, brave
Army	provides protection, is brave, is voluntary, saves the lives of future generations
Army	military, brave, soldiers, proud, honorable, love their country, strong, likes guns, go oversees
Army	military, green, war, soilders
Army	war
Army	green and brown, uses guns, United States Army, army crawl, men and women, is trained
Army	intense, brave, gives us our freedom, strong, families, forgien countries.
Army	Controversial, fighting, war, government, uniforms, veterans, benefits, tv shows, boot camp
Army	controlled by government, used to create a monoply on voilence, protectes their country, defenders, honor
Army	camouflage, guns, war, Iraq
Army	is many soldiers, is a branch of the military, is a group of people for the same cause.
Army	a mass of men organized into fighting units; generally the way of exerting dominance over foreign nation or powers; hostility; death; training in the art of war; not always violent but generally carries those connotations; tanks, battalions, weapons of mass destruction; a requisite that all male citizens of the U.S. sign up for the draft.
Army	protecting the country, guns, shooting, death, courage, wear camo
Army	is by the government, is who goes to war, trains soldiers, is men and woman 18 years and older
Army	people who fight for our country, strong, brave, lots of training, guns, bombs, camouflage uniforms, helicopters
Army	Camo, dog tags, guns, running, fighting, shooting, Afghanistan, helping others 
Army	green dirty brave proud
Army	fights for the nationis bravethey sacrifice their lives and pleasures for fellow citizens
Army	The military, people in uniform, men, guns, war, foreign countries
Army	men, guns, iraq, afganistan, muscles, uniform
Army	A collective group of people used for warfare. Warriors. Camo colors and comando rolls, guns and death, bayonetts and honor usually come with the hard work involved.
Army	marines, air force, navy, military, united states
Army	men, women, camoflauge, army wifes, army children, guns, weapons, planes, tanks, hellicopters, letters, far away secret places, desserts, 9/11
Army	they are lazy, they are wanna be marines, they are wasteful in supplies, they get in the way
Army	protection, soldiers, stand up for a country, do things for the good of the country
Army	
Black	color, dark, night, people, 
Black	white, yellow, grey, rainbow, Michale Jackson "Black or White", race, darkness, no light, cave,death, blind, color
Black	is a shade, the darkest one possible, no light
Black	negitive, sad, power, slimming, sin, clouded, smog, unhealth, emo,
Black	and white, dark, cant see, a color
Black	pitch dark, blackberries, murky, creepy, opposite of white, a color, crayon, pen, shadow, devil, horror movies, cult, mysterious, hot, charcoal, depressing, death, funeral, bad luck
Black	dark, nighttime, people, race, mourning, sad, scary, absence of light
Black	the lack of color, absorbs all colors (light), very very dark, the opposite of white, a shadow
Black	very dark
Black	color, dark, funerals, 
Black	is a color, is dark, is a combination of every color, is associated with lack of light
Black	african american, white, is a color, happens at night, crime, associated with bad people
Black	the opposite of white, the absence of light, the darkest pigment
Black	color, dark, night, scary, deep, funeral, slimming
Black	a color, the absence of color
Black	african americans, shirts, shorts, pants, skirts, black hair, black dog, black lab, desk lap is black, a dark room
Black	night, people, clothes, cars, hair, eye liner on girls
Black	dark, pitch black, a color, the color of a room with no lights or windows
Black	dark, sleek, nighttime, electronics, color, ink, coal, gothic, African Americans, mysterious, tuxedo
Black	color, dark opposite of white, darker then gray
Black	A color
Black	dark, night, chocolate, hair, African American, opposite of white
Black	A color, a black-eye, the sky at night.
Black	darkest color, opposite of white, coal, night time
Black	color, reference to a race, describes moods
Black	is a color, used to represent darkness, lacks brightness, characterized by absence of light, has no prominent hue
Black	is a color, is dark, is a common color, appears in nature
Black	neutral, night, dark, color
Black	dark, funeral, death
Black	color, gothic, conservative dress suit for a man, shadow
Black	-Dark-African American-Night-Color
Black	a color, ink, perception of a skin pigmentation
Black	Africans, thugs, rappers, man, color, dogs, clothes, goth, smiths, painters, paper.
Black	opposite of white, dark, color
Black	Color, dark, used for art, used for descriptions, 
Black	white, color, friends, life, racism
Black	is dark, is scary, is cold
Black	dark, night, dreary, color, opposite of white, racism 
Black	color, african american, night,dark, gothic
Black	a color
Black	is a color, is dark, a color of person, absorbs sunlight, is hot, makes people look thinner
Black	african american studies, a color, denominations, race, would think of the word differently if in lower case letters.
Black	Dark, people, night, no sun, evil, lack of light, mourning, graduation
Black	dark, feels rigid, looks like empty space, resembles a void, contains the unknown
Black	skin color, dark, night
Black	is a color, is the slang for the name of a race, is darkness, is a financial term.
Black	not a color; black is the absence of all color or life; black absorbs all light which can be considered energy as can heat and is therefore generally hotter; a negative connotation associated with the unknown; the "black death" or "black plague"; storm clouds appear black; hell in the judeo-christian sense is an eternal darkness; generally considered "slimming".
Black	a color, dark, cat, not being able to see, night
Black	is a color, negative, ebony, creates darkness, is a skin color, opposite of white, sharp looking 
Black	A color that goes with any other. Most common colored clothes, usually gothic people wear it out and creep people out with it
Black	Cats, bad, evil, dark, night
Black	dark, scary, night time, simple
Black	blackboardcolorabsorbs light
Black	dark, scary
Black	dark, people, sexy, little black dress, makes you look slimmer, wesley snipes
Black	A color associated with darkness and evil. Tt does not reflect but absorbs light. Black cats are considered a bad omen and cars are more dangerous to drive than white ones.
Black	red, yellow, green, blue, orange, white, gray, African American 
Black	opposite of white, black people, black the color, black crayon, black paper, asphalt, buildings, cars
Black	color of leather, darkness, color of awesome cars
Black	the darkest color, sometimes symbolizing something dark and evil, the night sky
Black	
Body	anatomy, frame, part, shape, trunk. human
Body	corpse, holds all organs, composed of different parts, made of bones and flexible skin, something that suffers from injury, sickness and disease. 
Body	is a collection of things, examples include the human body and a body of water, things within aren't always the same
Body	your human physical for, hard, fit, overweight, obese, injurys, sickness, strength, temple
Body	male, female, skinny, fat, nice body
Body	paragraph, ladies, middle, curves, bikinis, models, beauty pageant, imperfection, anorexia, food, weight, anatomy, bones, size, figure
Body	has many members, a large group, like a church, an assembly, the entire group, is productive, can be replaced
Body	the physical shell each of us possess, made of muscles, nerves, bones and lots of things, some people hate it, some people like theirs, comes in all shapes and sizes dependant on genetics and how you take care of it.
Body	human, living organism, 
Body	life, organs
Body	consists of muscles, bones, tissues, and skin, is the physical form of a person or being, can get sick or injured, can be flexible, can be healthy, can be hairy or smooth, can be large or small
Body	head, fat, skinny, type, language, health and wellness.
Body	our physical presence on Earth, includes our ligaments, the combination of organs and organ systems that keep us living, the home of our souls
Body	fat, skinny, slim, obese, parts
Body	the middle part of a speech or paper, what every human has, the structure of something or someone
Body	confidence, sexy abs, good posture, muscles, long blonde hair, blue eyes, tall
Body	cars, women, outline in speech, womens hair
Body	the body of a paragraph is the middle, a person's body is their everything- head, arms, legs, midsection, etc.., used for everyday life, voluntary functions, involuntary functions
Body	a person, someone's anatomy, an organism, the important part of an essay, made up of cells and organ systems, can be living, each one is unique
Body	skin, orgains, cells, tissue, humans, grows with human, everyones is different
Body	body of water, human body, animal body, has appendages, inner and outer body, organs, hair
Body	healthy, clean, has to be socially acceptable, models, confidence.
Body	an animal, the physical state of any mammal, body types,
Body	human, frame, corpse, physical structure, bones, organs, structures
Body	strong,complicated,
Body	biggest portion of person or animal, includes abdomen and kidneys and liver and lungs and heart, etc. can refer to a large group of people gathered together or a large area of water
Body	a mass, a group of elements, a vessel, made of matter, 
Body	it is a corpse, it is our protection, it is any color, it is hard or soft, it is has muscles, it has bones, it is made of many elements, 
Body	fit, workout, sweat
Body	human structure, animal structure, wash it in the shower, various types with people
Body	-eyes, nose, lips (external)-organs-differnt uses- in reference to Paragraph, Car, Person 
Body	anatomy, personal, my own, basic figure of a head, torso, two legs, and two arms, young and fit, old and aged, different stages
Body	My, strong, healthy, powerful, shape, muscles, tissue, bones, different, hair, skin, type, nervous.
Body	every organism has one, consists of leg, arms, stomach, feet
Body	The total sum of collection, usually refers to human entity, made of different parts, includes appendages, includes inner and outer workings, used for performing all bodily and behavioral tasks
Body	health, hurt, skinny, fat, chubby, tall, short, hair, skin, male, female
Body	is powerful, is strong, comes in different sizes, needs engery and food
Body	self image, composition of the human, different sizes, hair colors, skin tone. 
Body	human, leg, arm, stomach, head, foot
Body	what you have
Body	a form, is covered by skin, something every living thing has, can be different colors, something you give to hair, 
Body	complex, made up of compartments, biology, anatomy, skin, organs, tissue, cells.
Body	Mass of water or land, organs, skin, corpse, mass of people, unique
Body	feels soft, feels warm, feels comforting, is a container for a soul, easily broken, able to make repairs, worried over far too much
Body	human, arms, legs
Body	is the main part of a being, is the middle of a paper or essay. 
Body	a human body consising of a trunk, four limbs, and a head; the body of a paper, the main paragraphs that lay out a persuasive argument or factual evidence to support a thesis; generally used when referring to a dead person in order to dehumanize them and thus tacitly separate "who" they were from the physical of "what" they were in order to perpetuate the theological notion of some semblance of afterlife in which an incorpreal, undefined "you" continues on.
Body	middle part of a paragraph, a person, has two arms, has two legs, made of many cells
Body	all living organisms have one, usually has skin, muscles, organs, bones, alive or dead
Body	It is out of shape, self image has a lot to do with the body which can cause happiness or depression. Some people have beautiful bodies others need some work.
Body	Self, everyone has one, can be used for good and evil, limitless possibilities, can be personalized
Body	human, tall, short, fat, skinny, living, breathing
Body	incredible systemthe way the body functions is amazing
Body	body paragraph, parts of the body and their names, each body is different 
Body	parts, arms, legs, men, women, fat, skinny, muscles, bones, teeth, hair, feet, sexy, ugly, move, dance
Body	What describes the avatar we walk around in. It could also be a body of work in art reference or a car in a repair shop. Basically any shell that involves complex inner meaning.
Body	language, arms, knees, biceps, triceps, laterals, genes, hair, eye color, skin color
Body	men, women, large, skinny, tall, obese, lanky, white, black, race, healthy, unhealthy, clothed 
Body	a machine, self, the main thing of something
Body	a person, a body of water, a complex thing
Body	
Christ	Jesus, Son of God, Lamb of God, Lord, Messiah, Redeemer, Savior, Son of Man
Christ	the messiah, Jesus, died on the cross, 
Christ	is a savior, believed in by Christians as the Messiah, isn't believed in by other religions, can be used to show surprise
Christ	our lord and savior, a name not to be taken in vein, died on the cross for our sins
Christ	relationship, died on the cross, God's son, carpenter, rose from the grave, performed miracles, saved us from our sins
Christ	Christianity, Bible, church, mass, forgiveness, sacrifices, Moses, Mary, Joseph, Christmas, Holy water, Cruxifix
Christ	Messiah, Jesus, Savior, Prince of Peace, died, was resurrected, "Christ"ianity, told lots of parables
Christ	Jesus Christ, our lord and savior, the last name of God's son, came to earth to die on the cross to show us compassion and love, gave himself so we could have a chance, the name of love, a lot of people say this in vain
Christ	part of the 3 trinity,  
Christ	God, belief, religion
Christ	relates to religion, is associated with sin and redemption of it, is part of a religious mythical story, is considered the Savior, is worshipped, is symbolized by crosses
Christ	jesus, son of god, died on the cross for our sins, christianity, died and rose again, rapture, heaven.
Christ	Jesus, God, the second of the Trilogy, He died for people's sins, was crucified, rose from the dead in 3 days, healed the sick, cured the blind, performed miracles, the Sacrificial Lamb, the Savior of the World, ultimate friend
Christ	Jesus, Mary, Church, Sunday, Sins, Faith
Christ	Lord and savior, almighty god, all knowning, all loving, creator of all things
Christ	god, important part of my life, christ, love, prayer, soul
Christ	church, blessing before meals, a saying for people, fellowship
Christ	in the Bible, many people worship him, watching us at all times, supposed to protect us
Christ	Jesus, our Savior, church, Son of God, Redeemer, faultless, unconditional love, died on a cross, Son of a virgin, a Jew, died for our sins, the Greatest Gift, died and rose again, no one knows when he will return
Christ	god, cross, heaven, bible, last super
Christ	the lord, creator of earth, heavenly figure
Christ	savior, Jesus, Christmas, trust, Bible, Cross, Church, prayer, blessings, promise, Heaven, Hell, Angels, Devil
Christ	religion, hero, idealistic person, saviour 
Christ	God, Jesus, church, cross, religion
Christ	Jesus Christ, Gods sun, church, religion,
Christ	Lord and Savior, shows grace, shows love and mercy, real, omniscient, powerful, gives comfort and peace, is faithful and just, never lies, gives us free will and the choice to do what is good, righteous, our shield and protector, King of Kings, almighty
Christ	the Christian god, an all powerful god, created the earth and heavens, a male deity, 
Christ	it is a spiritual being, it is man, it is religious, 
Christ	Church, love, sinless, perfect, selfless, amazing
Christ	god, used in a derogatory manor when upset, churches, religion
Christ	-Spiritual-Religion-Faith-Pure-Bible-up-lifting
Christ	the savior for Christian religions, the son of God and the Virgin Mary , cured blindness, feed a lot of people with very little bread and fish, walked on water, featured in the Bible, turned water into wine, 
Christ	jesus, religious, pope, cross, peace
Christ	a spiritual being, creator, religion, worship, heaven
Christ	Lord, son of God, holy, 
Christ	Saviour, love, care, giving, lover, guidence
Christ	is God's son, is a religion, christian beliefs, died for us on a cross
Christ	God, Bible, love, religion, faith,savior, redeemer, all powerful
Christ	holy cross, religion, god, praying, church, bible, christmas, easter
Christ	jesus
Christ	in the bible, died for us, our savior, a person, 
Christ	God, Trinity, dies on the cross, Jesus, religion, Christmas, Bible.
Christ	Savior, historical, son of God, forgiving, loving, caring, kind, teacher, messenger, Bible, virgin birth
Christ	jesus, religious figure, feels happy, feels warm, is accepting and forgiving, is a protector, not beleived in by many
Christ	Jesus, cross, crucifixion
Christ	is a divine being, is the messiah, is Jesus, is the son of God, is the savior of mankind.
Christ	the human form of the Christian deity who was sacrified for the sins of all mankind; one part of the trinity;  a separate but contiguous portion of Man; generally thought of as the redeemer, the Savior, the Messiah; a prophet who turned water to wine, was known to have fits of righteous anger; who communed with whores and the sick while snubbing the elitists; a common swear word known as taking the lord's name in vain; supposedly died and rose again because the fallen angel Lucifer had no claim on him since he committed no transgressions.
Christ	Jesus, the Lord, died for our sins, pinned to the cross, God's son
Christ	is my savior, died on the cross, is God's son, is perfect, used as profanity sometimes
Christ	Something to believe in. Have mixed feelings about him. He has lots of believers and followers. Died on the cross
Christ	Jesus, Savior, God, Redeemer, worship, church, praying, Bible
Christ	jesus, savior, all mighty
Christ	considered one of the forms of god by theists
Christ	church, different religions, different holidays, blood of christ, body of chirst, ancient, bible 
Christ	jesus, church, cross, blood
Christ	Can be used as a swear word in blaspheme against the christian belief system of the Lord Jesus Christ who was crusified on a cross. A book was writen about him called the Bible and there are many versions and names for this, new testament, old testament. Many religions have occurred because of his teachings.
Christ	religion, Jesus, God, bible, new testament, old testament, Moses, disciples
Christ	Jesus Christ, son of God, ties to Christmas, birth of Christ
Christ	a guy people believe it, a touchy topic to talk about, a misspelled name for chris
Christ	an amazing person, very well know, pay tribute every Wednesday and sunday
Christ	
Cure	healing, makes you better, hope, confidence, strength, solution, health
Cure	cancer, aids, healing, disease, doctor, physician, nurse, hospital, shaman, drugs, medicine, The Cure
Cure	heals a problem, stops problem permanently or until problem evolves
Cure	to remove sickness or pain, science, the answer to suffering, longed for, researched everyday, sickness, expensive, 
Cure	healthy, prevent or stop disease, hard to find
Cure	medicine, help, sick, disease, weak, nurses, doctors, hospital, surgical masks, chemotherapy, patient, rubbing alcohol, pills, vitamins, research
Cure	for the sick, cancer, illness, ailment, virus, to get better, healing process, by doctors, by scientists
Cure	the fix! can be a cure for an illness or whatever might ail you, could be medicine or good company, music or whatever you take solace in, feels good, relieving
Cure	saving people, ending a disease
Cure	to heal, a band
Cure	associated with disease, associated with medicine, can be made up of things not considered good for you, ends disease, is found after lots of research, is expensive, finding it can be deadly
Cure	cures for cancer, diseases, doctors and scientists find them, some are impossible to find, medicine for an illness.
Cure	the treatment of a disease, a medicine or treatment that can completely eliminate a disease or sickness
Cure	cancer, disease, medicine, breast cancer, pink, sick, needs help, cells
Cure	to become better, to heal, 
Cure	curing someone from a sickness, feeling better, race for the cure
Cure	get rid of a sickness, an answer for something
Cure	medicine, love, warmth, 
Cure	a vaccine, a remedy, medication, hospitals, research, labs, a fix, saves lives, doctors, a marination for meat, 
Cure	solution to problem, resolution, how to fix
Cure	is a solution to a problem, fixes sicknesses, is the key to living when sick
Cure	the answer to a problem, the healing of something.
Cure	Fixing a problem, helping others, the goal for a disease.
Cure	long-term, treatment, disease, cancer, condition, get better, solution, heal, restore
Cure	for cancer, disease. i found a cure to my problem, 
Cure	a fix for a disease or symptom, relief
Cure	is medicine, is a surgical procedure, is created, is discovered, is a form of help, heals people, is given to help, can have side effects
Cure	is a solution, it can be many colors, it is used to make meat edible without cooking; usually known as pickling or smoking. 
Cure	Cancer, hospital
Cure	medicine, louie pastoure, antibiotics, hospital, spending lots of money to figure out one for cancer
Cure	-cancer-medication-Disease-HIV-to make better
Cure	restore health, fixing a sickness, sick people long for this
Cure	Healing, Regain, Nutured, recovered, doctor, hospital, aid, safe guard, antadote.
Cure	medicine, doctors, treatments, remedy, restore health
Cure	treatment, used for medical reasons, solution to a problem
Cure	cancer, health, time, findings, 
Cure	is happiness, provides hope, happens with research
Cure	search for in cancer, health, making someone or something better
Cure	healthy, back to normal , sick, medicine, bed rest, sleep, therapy
Cure	what to make you get better
Cure	to help get rid of a disease, hard to find, is medical, uses medicine and technology, people find this, 
Cure	cancer, good, disease, science, medical.
Cure	Antidote, reversal, fix, treatment
Cure	fix what is wrong, assist, make better
Cure	fix things, breast cancer
Cure	is to heal, is to solve, is a preparation for meat.
Cure	a silver bullet; penicillin; a medication that will fix symptoms and the underlying cause; the ability to heal. Positivie connotations; Race for the Cure; altruistic donating of time and money; a manipulation in which a "panacea" or cure all was sold by peddlers before moving onto a new town before the panacea was discovered as fraudulent.
Cure	fixing something or someone, used for cancer or sickness, medicine
Cure	fixes disease or sickness, is generally a good thing, well researched, helpful, life saving
Cure	Something to stop or prevent sicknesses such as cancer or other diseases.
Cure	Positive, cancer, scientists, lab coats, working hard to find, less deaths, I Am Legend
Cure	joy, life saving
Cure	remedy for healingdoctors cure patients
Cure	to fix something, cancer, breast cancer, race for the cute, to feel better 
Cure	cancer, good, doctors, treatment, looking for a cure, walking for a cure, scientists, aids, hiv
Cure	Something man kind has not found for cancer. Usually implies something can be done to make a bad thing better.
Cure	disease, breast cancer, aids, syphilis, herpes 
Cure	cure of cancer, vaccines, research, money, doctors, illness, sick people, disease, harmful, take away, fix
Cure	it can keep people healthy, its a good thing
Cure	a great thing, an antidote for a sickness or disease
Cure	
Dollar	money, cash, bill, buck. currency, single, green paper, 
Dollar	money, 100 cents, George Washington, pound, monopoly, green, 1, pyramid, tooth fairy, reward, 
Dollar	is a form of currency, used in the United States, is green, made of paper, has various images and words on it, has numerical value in corners
Dollar	money, curency, paper, one single dollar, green, thin paper, face of a president,
Dollar	money, dollar menu, most used bill, green
Dollar	green,money,washington, $, monetary unit, coins, bills, cost, change, currency, credit card, debit card, banks, thieves, The Town, bank robbers, robbery, police, transactions, stock market 
Dollar	money, McDonald's, 100 cents, lots of change, in your wallet, spare
Dollar	an amount of currency in america, 100 cents, a small amount in these times, cant really buy much on its own, but added to more is helpful
Dollar	money,   U.S.A currency
Dollar	dollar bill,money, has George Washington on it, in God we trust, the United States of America,  
Dollar	is a monetary currency, can be used to buy things, can fit into a pocket or wallet, can be torn or folded, can be gained or lost during gambling
Dollar	is used to by things, is money, can be made of metal or paper, major part of the economy, is green or silver, george washington is on a $1 bill.
Dollar	green piece of paper, used to purchase objects and services in the United States, has the face of presidents on it
Dollar	money, currency, culture, shopping
Dollar	US currency, the smallest bill of the US currency
Dollar	dollar general, money, food, clothes, anything you can buy with some money, trees, money doesn't grow on trees saying
Dollar	currency, greed, crime, material items
Dollar	used as currency in the U.S., green, paper, light, useful
Dollar	green, money, spending, shopping, kept in wallets, earned, saving, value, tips, allowance, piggy bank, banks, ATMs, presidents
Dollar	money, change, buy, work, bill, cash
Dollar	money, currency, an amount, a price
Dollar	money, presidents face, something you spend on things you need or do not
Dollar	an amount, paper, contains a photo on the front and back, currency
Dollar	money, dollar bills, coins, currency, dead presidents, purchases  
Dollar	currency, pays the bills 
Dollar	the monetary unit in the US and other countries, rectangular shaped, paper thin, green, different dollar amounts, has different face of president on it depending on which dollar amount
Dollar	a unit or kind of money, green printed paper, dirty, thin, flexible, used by Americans, used for trading and transactions, its worth fluctuates 
Dollar	green, money, spending, cash
Dollar	Money, green, dirty
Dollar	the US mint, george washington's face, want to have as many as possible, currency, will most likely be overinflated because of the quantitative easing for the third time, people are not spending them like they used to
Dollar	-money-green-paper-used to live-causes issues
Dollar	is a rectangle, is a green color, made from paper, used as money in the United States, has pictures on both sides including the portrait of George Washington, can be very valuable to some people
Dollar	one, buck, dough, money, four quarters, green.
Dollar	money, used to buy things, rectangle, green, something everyone desires to want, important to succed, paper
Dollar	Green, made of paper, form of currency, used to purchase goods, encoded, rectangle, finances, money, payment
Dollar	money,expenses, change, kind of dollar
Dollar	is green, is made of paper, only recieved through hard work, is printed by the government
Dollar	financial security, comfortable living, ice cream man
Dollar	money, value, george washington, green, paper, coins
Dollar	money
Dollar	is money, is green, has faces and numbers on it, made of paper, used to buy things, is rectangular, is thin, something you put in your wallet,  
Dollar	money, essential, economy,george washington, presidents 
Dollar	American, useless, 100 cents, cheaper than Euro, green, gray, collectible
Dollar	paper, used to aquire material goods, green in color, united states currency, used to buy anything at all, creates greed, controlls our government
Dollar	money, bills, cash
Dollar	is money, is green, buys things, is paper, is earned, is spent, is worth something, is fragile.
Dollar	the U.S. currency that is the equivalent of 4 quarters, 10 dimes, 20 nickels, and 100 pennies; the lowest paper bill; used in songs to refer to making money or spending money; known as green, bills, or paper; a bacterial hotbed due to frequent movement through the economical system.
Dollar	used to buy things, not worth much, paper, made from trees, dollar bill has George Washington on it
Dollar	is a form of money, $1, is accumulative, form of exchange, used to purchase something, causes greed
Dollar	I want more of it, green, stress of not having it. Need it to pay bills.
Dollar	Money, necessity, never enough, dirty, germ filled, crisp
Dollar	money stress demand
Dollar	rules us allessentialyet not the most important thing
Dollar	money, spent easily, dollar bill, coins, shopping for food/clothes, green, paper
Dollar	bill, money, shop, clothes, ben franklin, presidents, george washington
Dollar	money, comes in many forms of currency such as Australian, U.S., Canadian. Can be a note or a coin. Accumulating these tend to be the purpose of many people's lives, yet lives are ruined because of it. It can be stollen or saved, kept in banks or containers, wallets or purse. Can be green, gold or silver in color.
Dollar	bills, euros, pesos, canadian coin
Dollar	 money, dollar bill, one, five, ten, twenty, fifty, hundred, currency, coin
Dollar	its money, you buy things with it
Dollar	money
Dollar	
Eight	number, octave, octagon
Eight	"six, seven, five, three, oh, nine," "seven ate nine," number, even, 2x4, spider legs, figure eight
Eight	is a number, falls between 7 and 9, signifies that there is multiples of something
Eight	the number before nine and after seven, divisible by two and four
Eight	figure eight, nine ten, spiders
Eight	clock,number, getting up, first class, sun, alarm, lucky number, octo, octopus, spider, octagon, octave,
Eight	a number, an even number, octagon, octapus
Eight	the infinity symbol standing up, one more than 7, one less than 9, a number, homonym for ate, even number
Eight	number 
Eight	number after 7, number before 9, even number, factors are 1 2 4 and 8
Eight	is a number, can be added, subtracted, multiplied and divided, is used during counting
Eight	is a number, can be in a number sequence more than once, eight million, eight trillion.
Eight	a number, one more than seven, one less than 9, the number of legs a spider has
Eight	number, Eighth place, items, jersey number
Eight	the number between 7 and 9
Eight	years old? a number makes me think of age
Eight	8 ball in pool, number, number of spiders legs, 8 minutes
Eight	a number, a vertical infinity sign, some people draw two circles to represent it, after seven, before nine, used in math to count, countable on fingers
Eight	number, figure eight, even number, black ball, "seven ate nine", loops, quantity
Eight	small number, crazy eights, two circles, even
Eight	a number, an amount, multiple things, could be a group
Eight	octopus, arachnids, even number, 
Eight	a number, has value, can be used in many different sentences. numerical, can be an age.
Eight	number, after seven, octet, august
Eight	number
Eight	is a number, a measurement of time, allows people to communicate how many of something, looks like two O's on top of each other
Eight	is a number, is more than seven, is less than nine, is divisible by 8, 4, 2, and 1, is equal to 4 times 2, is an even number, is not prime
Eight	a number, infinity, not first
Eight	number
Eight	even number, would be a lot of children to have, has no smell
Eight	-Number-group
Eight	a number, before nine, after seven, divisible by two and four, is a single digit, is a whole number
Eight	crazy, ball, number.
Eight	number, after 7 but before 9
Eight	one more than seven, one less than nine
Eight	nine, ten, number, children, food, numbers, count
Eight	is a happy age, people are in second grade, they go to an elementary school, child
Eight	is a number, used for counting, used in time, even digit, number on a clock
Eight	a number, scale, age, figure
Eight	a number
Eight	a number, used to list things, single digit, even number, has factors, used in math, used to count
Eight	August, it is a number, low digit. 
Eight	A number, under ten, infinity sideways, August
Eight	number, before 9, after 7, curved structure, perfectly symetrical, is smooth
Eight	a number, age
Eight	is a number, is a time, is an age, is a place.
Eight	between 7 and 9; a homonym that without proper context is often substituted for the word "ate" which tends to be a  common punch line for puns; my favorite number
Eight	one circle on top of the other, how many of something there is
Eight	is before nine and after seven, spider has eight legs, is a number
Eight	the number of siblings i have at my dads house. just a number
Eight	After 7, before 9, number, sleepy
Eight	after 7, befor 9, 4 plus 4
Eight	a numbersymmetricalhas the same mirror and water image
Eight	jon and kate plus 8, august, a number, jersey number
Eight	nine, numbers, math
Eight	A number after seven and before nine. Is the last ball to be sunk in a game of pool in order to win the game. 
Eight	nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen
Eight	one below nine, one above seven, four plus four, two times four, octopus, eights legs, octagon
Eight	a number, spider legs, the eight ball in pool
Eight	an age, a number
Eight	
Explosion	eruption, backfire, blast, bang, blowout, ignition, fire, flare-up, outburst, pop, crack
Explosion	big bang, boom, loud noise, can include fire, chemical reaction
Explosion	is cause by chemical reactions, can be destructive,
Explosion	dynomite, blast zone, fireworks, c4, the act of moving many atoms and particles quickly away from one another
Explosion	blow up, bomb, car, volcano
Explosion	bombs, grenade, nuclear plants, wars, death, scary, chaotic, danger, scientists, police, bomb squad, chemistry, dynamite
Explosion	goes "boom," loud, damaging, scary, dynomite
Explosion	kaboom! combustion from some type of explosive, loud noise, very messy, detrimental, fire, ouch
Explosion	big, loud, powerful
Explosion	bombs, war, mushroom cloud
Explosion	is caused by detonating bombs, is loud, causes physical and structural damage, is used to frighten, is used during war, can spread radioactive particles
Explosion	bombs, rockets, fireworks, fires, land mines, war, guns, september 11,
Explosion	fireworks, dynamite, a chemical inbalance, the reaction of chemicals
Explosion	bomb, loud, noise, eruption, dynomite
Explosion	when something blows up, will make a loud noise
Explosion	volcano, anger, mean people, rude people, liars, thunder
Explosion	bomb, latest fad, loud noise, dusty, clean up
Explosion	catastrophic, harmful, used in battle- grenades, bombs
Explosion	bombs, fire, smoke, debris, mushroom, disaster, chemical explosion, dust, causes harm, causes injury, flying particles, heat, accident, getting rid of rock for architecture
Explosion	loud noise, fire, things flying, bomb, messy, dangerous
Explosion	is a big bang, can be dangerous, can be disastrous, can relate to bombings, can relate to fights-either physical or yelling fights
Explosion	boom! fire, bombs, destruction, blast, many colors, bright, 
Explosion	fire, huge clouds of smoke and debris, explosives, mushroom cloud, can be red, yellow, orange, blue, black and white. 
Explosion	bombs, blowing apart, boom, bang
Explosion	Loud, big, dangerous, fun, 
Explosion	the blowing up of something, violent, dangerous, destructive, caused by a bomb, orange and red and blue fire, smells like smoke, produces heat and energy, used in war, used in chemistry
Explosion	blast of fire and fragments, very hot, shoots fire, creates shock wave, caused by bomb, used in war, used in fireworks, different colors, dangerous, created by humans, natural occurrence, happens in volcanoes
Explosion	boom, loud, damaging, many colors
Explosion	bomb, fire, death
Explosion	bombs, fireworks, loud noises, nuclear, war
Explosion	-Bomb-Volcano-Eruption-Vietnam-war-Loud
Explosion	a loud noise, a bomb going off, extreme release of energy, very bright, can be extremely dangerous
Explosion	bomb, atomic, nucluer, mushroom cloud, war, terror.
Explosion	blow up, sudden, maybe violent
Explosion	loud noise, usually with fire, can harm those in the area, used to destroy something, can be on accident or on purpose
Explosion	loud, bright, flying pieces, dark sky, outside, dangerous
Explosion	is a boom, involves fire, often negative, causes injury
Explosion	result of bombs, cacophony of noise and fire. its hot. no positive connotations
Explosion	loud, bang, destructive, smoke, volcano, bomb
Explosion	when somehting blows up
Explosion	a reaction, could be from a bomb, makes a loud noise, is scary, made from mixing chemicals, can start fires
Explosion	bang, fourth of july, fireworks, war, bomb.
Explosion	Release of energy, fire, powder, destruction, atoms, displacement
Explosion	violent, looks orange, feels hot, creates destruction, used as a weapon, has not compassion, owes no alegiance, bringer of chaous
Explosion	bomb, fire, mushroom cloud
Explosion	is what happens when a bomb goes off, is devastating, is scary, is cool, it happens on the 4th of July.
Explosion	the combustion of volatile substances usually accompanied by fire in which physical damage occurs; the basis of movement for a automechanical engine in which the compression of oxygen (the colder the air, the more compression, the better the explosion, and the more efficient the transfer of energy is to the axles that cause propulsion); usually a part of any action packed movie; a good way to fake a death or to coverup a crime because the physical damage is so complete that most evidence is obliterated or at least damaged to such an extent as to be unusable.
Explosion	loud noise, "boom", fire, big, a lot of smoke, made by a bomb or a firework, used to destroy a large area 
Explosion	bomb, loud noises, flying debris, people flying backwards from force, war
Explosion	big bang, boom, fire, smoke, bomb
Explosion	Boom, bomb, mushroom, nuclear, Japanese, Hiroshima, bad, fire, smoke
Explosion	boom, loud, crash, wild
Explosion	natural explosions-volcanoesartificial explosions-atomic bombsresults in heat,light,devastation and destruction
Explosion	war, bombs, fire, dangerous
Explosion	bomb, iraq, afganistan, fire, dangerous, run
Explosion	Fire, TNT, loud noise, used during action films to create entertainment. Usually causes damage to infrastructure.
Explosion	volcano, bomb, atomic bomb, tnt, dynomite
Explosion	fireworks, blasts, bright colors, fire, danger, explosives, ignite, gas
Explosion	scary, uncontrollable, something hot, something loud, something painful
Explosion	loud commotion, debris, tnt, dangerous 
Explosion	
Foresight	anticipation, care, caution, discretion, economy, provision, prospect, precaution
Foresight	foreshadowing, prediction, seeing into the future, 
Foresight	is the ability to see something coming, not always physically using since of sight, can be intuition, prevents something bad from happening
Foresight	to have a hint of what is to come in the future
Foresight	the future, knowing what will happen
Foresight	light, eyes, headlights, signs, brail, blind, perception, glasses, contact lenses, pictures, cameras, nearsightedness, adults, anticipation, future
Foresight	before what happened, a feeling, 
Foresight	an act of looking forward, to see the effect before the cause takes place, would be nice sometimes, a "vision"
Foresight	seeing into the future,  early knowledge
Foresight	prediction, the future, 
Foresight	is helpful in decision making, is more common in older persons, helps a person to understand possible outcomes
Foresight	seeing the future, seeing before it happens, deja vu, educated guess as to something that will happen in the future.
Foresight	being able to look into the future
Foresight	future, eyes, happening, whats coming
Foresight	looking foward, thinking about the future
Foresight	when you see something in your head before it happens, what you think is going to happen, knowing too much, knowing too little, over thinking
Foresight	see the future, over confident, strong believer, coincidence
Foresight	to predict, to plan for the future, to see what others cannot
Foresight	predicting what will happen, using clues to predict, forseeing what might occur, psychic, guessing what will happen in the future
Foresight	something you see before it happens, forshaddow
Foresight	what you can see in the long distance
Foresight	the future, seeing before it happens, de ja vu
Foresight	using your eyes, using your senses, foreseeing, future
Foresight	predict, planning, foresight, vision
Foresight	predict, plan, see ahead of time
Foresight	act of foreseeing, prudence, being able to predict what is next
Foresight	logic, used by humans, used to make decisions,  
Foresight	is the future, is looking forward, is dreams and aspirations
Foresight	something you believe will happen
Foresight	prediction, hunch, assumption or something, sometimes can be wrong
Foresight	-looking forward-
Foresight	the future, we each decide our own with the decisions that we make, think out and plan possible outcomes, psychics
Foresight	sight be on sight, before it happens.
Foresight	predict or plan the future
Foresight	prediction, knowing something will happen or be needed in the future
Foresight	glasses, hindsight, forward
Foresight	is wishful thinking, is a fortune teller, is supernatural
Foresight	thought process on a subject matter prior to an event, premonition, judgement
Foresight	look ahead, future
Foresight	seeing in the fowcher
Foresight	uses you eyes, allows you to see things, 
Foresight	seeing, what you want to happen, future.
Foresight	Prediction, probability, certainty, project, substantial
Foresight	pretty much luck in disguise, predictions, impossiable to be perfect because time and space are constantly changing
Foresight	crystal ball, fortune teller, mind reader
Foresight	is predicting something, is being aware, is seeing things coming.
Foresight	the ability to theoretically or spatially map out the consecutive ripples from which a particular action or decision will lead; usually this ability is overestimated because it requires a person to assume the actions and or decisions of others accurately, and usually such assumptions are biased by what "we" would do rather than an objective what "they" would do; foresight is an important literary concept in which the author tries to convey to the reader through omens, symbols, or phrases an occurence that will render importance later on in the story.
Foresight	used to see the future, used to predict, seeing what is in front of you or what is to come
Foresight	is seeing what's in front of you, looking forward, opposite of hindsight
Foresight	Confusing.
Foresight	Seeing ahead, psychic, lies, crystal ball, cards
Foresight	befor guessing
Foresight	ability to predict future events based on experience
Foresight	future, thinking, looking in front of you
Foresight	future, psychic, thinking, brain, 
Foresight	To see into the future. Accumulated knowledge to allow predicted outcomes of an event.
Foresight	visions, knowledgeable, predictions, discovering, knowing, powerful
Foresight	seeing ahead, not looking back, looking forward to something, in front of you
Foresight	its seeing what could have happen, its preventitive
Foresight	prediction of what you hope the future is or what you want it to be
Foresight	
Fun	exciting, laughing, joy, comfort, relaxing, friends, summer time, vacation, bonfire, river
Fun	something that brings enjoyment to life, lifts the spirit,
Fun	is a feeling, associated with good feeling, happiness, something enjoyable
Fun	the purpose of life is to have fun each day, doing what brings you joy,
Fun	something you enjoy, hobbies, friends
Fun	games,laugh,hanging out, friends, family, swimming, tennis,eating, singing, playing, clubbing
Fun	in an activity, is enjoyable, with friends, good for your health, makes you happy, adrenaline
Fun	a temporary overload of excitement, a rush of good emotions, to make someone feel better, usually with friends, sometimes by yourself
Fun	happy, joyful
Fun	good time, hanging out with friends, playing
Fun	describes activities people enjoy doing, makes people happy, causes people to smile
Fun	awesome, good times, family and friends, summer, weekends, pool, vacations
Fun	enjoying yourself, experiencing joy, an escape from anxiety and worry
Fun	volleyball, friends, movies, cool, entertainment, shopping, partying
Fun	a good time, people are enjoying themselves and having a good time
Fun	all my friends and family, me, animals, college, road trips, everyday something new and fun, freddy
Fun	laughing, companionship,adrinaline rush, friends, hobbies, bbq
Fun	to play, to spend time with friends and family, to enjoy oneself
Fun	a feeling, happy, excitement, smlies, laughter, having a good time, bright colors, friends gathered together, family gathered together
Fun	happy, like to do it, enjoy it, want to do it more often, different for everyone
Fun	something you enjoy, something you can feel, happiness is usually a part of fun
Fun	The beach, party, when you spend time with friends, doing something of enjoyment
Fun	People always want to have fun, a goal you reach for during an adventure, people have different ideas of this concept, children.
Fun	party, smile, good time, enjoyment, entertainment, pleasure, amusement
Fun	sports, games, family, friends, parties, money, 
Fun	enjoyment, amusement, entertaining, 
Fun	an activity, a feeling, an enjoyable feeling, more than contentment
Fun	happy, excitement, joy, laughter
Fun	party, friends, family, games
Fun	enjoy an activity, golf, relaxing, something to look forward to, varies among people for what they consider it to be
Fun	-laughing-socializing-sounds- happy, cheerful
Fun	spending time with family or friends, going out, playing games, being care-free, doing something you find enjoyable, a stress-free break
Fun	exciting, great, games, friends, parties, family, having, kids.
Fun	to enjoy oneself, things that make someone happy, exciting activies
Fun	enjoyment, used for recreation, happiness,
Fun	happiness, joy, friends, family, movies, reading, activities, games
Fun	brings joy, can be seen through smiles and laughter 
Fun	association with peers family, not working or at school
Fun	friends, family, girlfriend, movies, social gathering, sports
Fun	when you are happying and doing something
Fun	an experience, something people do, 
Fun	play, want to have lots of it, friends, work then play, summer, new experiences
Fun	Freedom, anything, safe, dangerous, exciting, relaxing, vacation, money
Fun	enjoying an activity, feels like summer, sounds like laughter, tastes like crisp air
Fun	being with friends, going on roller coasters, watching movies
Fun	is a feeling, how we feel when we are enjoying ourselves.
Fun	a good time; happiness; merriment in accord with an activity; letting loose; generally associated with things that a person is good at and therefore likes to do; most often a communal activity; 
Fun	something done that one enjoys, a game, done to be happy, 
Fun	with friends, laughter, is positive, necessary, opposite of boring
Fun	anything that makes someone happy or when they enjoy themselves. i have fun watching the tv show friends or hanging out with my boyfriend or my family
Fun	Happy, children, having a good day, spending time with others you enjoy
Fun	play laugh happy friends
Fun	with friendsjoyfound in doing something we like
Fun	girls nights, shopping, relaxing, movies, laughing, hanging out, being yourself 
Fun	friends, party, running, weekend, night time, 
Fun	something that can be done that brings enjoyment or pleasure to an individual person or being. Usually involves laughter and release of endorphins. 
Fun	parties, friends, sports, hanging with family, hiking, snowboarding
Fun	games, sports, friends, family, hanging out, activities, enjoyment, exercising, outside, inside, traveling
Fun	motorcycle riding, something enjoyable, something entertaining
Fun	smiling, laughing, friends and family, amusement parks, shopping, holidays, summer
Fun	
Hard	challenging, difficult, struggle, complicated, solid, thick, firm
Hard	soft, hardball, description of an object, toughness, gangsta, soft inside, misunderstood, heavy, 
Hard	is a physical characteristic, not soft, difficult to bend, cannot easily be torn
Hard	difficult, challenging, solid substance, firm, can withstand large amounts of pressure or force.
Hard	not easy, worth doing, easy to give up
Hard	work,school, studying, staying up in class, solid, table, floor, concrete, math, chemistry, confusing, annoying, lost, wood, 
Hard	difficult, solid, rock, rock hard, diamond, test
Hard	something difficult, the opposite of easy, or something that is the opposite of soft, firm
Hard	hard to break, heavy
Hard	difficult, 
Hard	is a description of a substance or surface, is difficult to break down or damage
Hard	difficult, time consuming, school, college, solid objects, metal, homework.
Hard	opposite of soft, a tough surface, density, a solid object
Hard	wood, tough, thick, solid, un movable
Hard	solid, something that is not easily broken
Hard	difficult task, time consuming tasks, life, relationships, school, drama
Hard	tough, strong, no emotion, hurt your hand if hit it,opposite of soft
Hard	solid, tough, harmful, bricks, rocks, everyday objects
Hard	solid, dense, opposite of soft, sturdy, strong, firm, resists pressure, opposite of easy, difficult, challenging, tough
Hard	Not soft or not easy, solid, complicated
Hard	not easy, difficult, requires work, surface description, not soft
Hard	rock, difficult, college, complicated
Hard	texture, a concept, solid, 
Hard	solid, firm, reliable, stiff, unbreakable, strong, frozen
Hard	difficult to understand, the rock is hard 
Hard	solid, firm, not easily broken or bent, sometimes used to refer to level of difficulty
Hard	sturdy, dense, think, difficult, unyielding, 
Hard	not soft, not squishy, hurtful, 
Hard	solid, difficult, unbreakable
Hard	plastic, solid, something that was wet and has now dried, roads
Hard	-used to describe-something rough to touch-
Hard	opposite of soft, is solid and firm, not easily breakable, sturdy, holds pressure well
Hard	difficult, tough, football, knocks, ball, hits, die, play.
Hard	difficult, not easy, challenging, takes alot of work
Hard	difficult to break, rough
Hard	rough, sturdy, difficult
Hard	is stressful, is difficult, makes me mad, is life
Hard	opposite of soft, uncomfortable, cold, detatched
Hard	solid, tough, hurt, unbendable
Hard	something you use to write and text
Hard	not soft, not easy, would hurt, difficult, a rock, a car, to write a paper, a tree, a hammer
Hard	rock, not easy, difficult, life is hard, solid objects.
Hard	Not soft, difficult, pressure, challenge, rocks, abrasive
Hard	difficult, looks red, feels rigid, feels heavy, is durable, cant be broken easily
Hard	rock, solid
Hard	is a feeling, it is what we call a difficult task, it is how a rock feels.
Hard	the opposite of soft; unyielding in substance, thought, or manner; general connotations are negative; a descriptive word for activities that require a great amount of physical or mental concentration or the build-up of experience that creates competence.
Hard	wood, concrete, steel, used to protect body like a "hard hat", can be harmful to the body
Hard	is not soft, can be detected by touch 
Hard	something rough or stable
Hard	Not welcoming, cold, uncomfortable
Hard	chanlenging frustrating
Hard	stone and diamond
Hard	impossible, test taking, homework, relationships 
Hard	rock, essays, teachers, school, jay z, tough, cool, thug
Hard	work, rock, medium density, describes the solidity of an object.
Hard	rocks, skulls, 
Hard	antonym easy, challenging, working, job, situations, classes, studies
Hard	calculus is hard, something tough, not easy
Hard	not soft, difficult
Hard	
Harvest	farming, gathering crops, acquire, use,to catch, to take, a crop growing season
Harvest	Apples, pumpkins, fall, trees, scarecrows, hay, horses, farms.
Harvest	the collecting of something, most commonly used with vegetables, can refer to other objects
Harvest	fall, festival, pumpkins, corn, and crafts, people gathering for music and the company of others, apple cider, and fresh squeezed lemonade
Harvest	fall, thanksgiving, eating, family, 
Harvest	vegetables, fruits, farmers, farm, cows, horses, corn, tractors, fertilizers, watering can, gather, planting, fields, country side, fresh, natural
Harvest	cornucopia, with corn, with plants, Pilgrims, Indians, Thanksgiving, the colors orange, yellow and red, in the Fall, food, wheat, brought inside, plants are done growing
Harvest	time to pick the veggies! a point in the season where something is ready for next step, usually in terms of farms, time that the moon looks awesome
Harvest	take out of the field
Harvest	festivals, corn, pumpkins,  
Harvest	is an abundance of something, a large amount of food, is celebrated at Thanksgiving, is associated with the season of Autumn, is associated with certain colors (brown, orange, red, gold)
Harvest	thanksgiving, fall, harvesting food, cans of food donations, pumpkins, corn.
Harvest	a collection of fruits, a collection of vegetables, a collection of grains or soy beans, the act of collecting what is grown in a garden
Harvest	food, growing, crops
Harvest	the time when food is abundant,  when farmers crops are ready to be brought in, a lot of food
Harvest	corn, veggies? fruits, food, pumpkin patch, fresh, new
Harvest	farm, grain, food, fall, pumpkins
Harvest	includes crops, before winter, usually in the fall or end of spring, involves machinery, corn is a major harvest
Harvest	stacking hay bales, picking apples, bringing in the sheaves, farming, production, autumn, farmer's market, rural areas, festivals
Harvest	crops, vegetables, fruits, when tractors take the crops from the ground when they are ready
Harvest	vegetables and fruits, corn, green beans, beans, farmers, farms, produce, during fall months
Harvest	crops, corn, heartland, southeast Missouri, rich farmers, thousands of acres of land
Harvest	October, bailing hay, fruit and crops, autumn, a time for celebration for the Harvest.
Harvest	Crops, Gathering of crops, used for food, picking, collecting, obtain, gain 
Harvest	crops, food, farmers, tractors, machines, companies, grocieries
Harvest	the gathering of crops, provides a large amount of food, usually is gathered over the course of a season, includes natural products such as corn and potatoes, spread throughout a field
Harvest	a seasonal gathering of goods, picking fruit or vegetables, collecting grown produce, happens every growing season, organized by humans, particularly farmers
Harvest	is the end of gardening and farming, end of growth, is picking fruits and vegetables, collecting wheat and cotton, is fall festivals and the celebration of a good season
Harvest	thanksgiving, corn, pilgrims, crops
Harvest	kansas, illinois, grain, corn, china, food for us, chicago mercantile exchange, growth
Harvest	-produce-vegetables-rural
Harvest	fall, mainly vegetables with other products like hay, a gathering, storing for the winter, Thanksgiving
Harvest	moon, october, november, crops, pumpkins, good weather, farmers, octoberfest, tools.
Harvest	gathering, crops, field, food
Harvest	to collect, often used for crops, requires tools
Harvest	food, crops, farmers, work, time, fall, machines, money, rain, green (color)
Harvest	happens on the farm when crops are collected, fall season, orange, yellow, and red, warm colors, thanksgiving, warm
Harvest	crops, corn, farming, hard work
Harvest	pumpkin, wheatfields,gold
Harvest	when you gather crops
Harvest	is in the fall, to gather up, you harvest pumpkins, squash, and other vegetables, something the pilgrims did
Harvest	fall season, corn, vegetables, indians, farmers, bright colors, autumn. 
Harvest	Food, farming, farms, community, festivals, celebrations, seasonal, produce
Harvest	action taken on crops, smells like autumn, feels cool, changing of the seasons, tastes like food
Harvest	crops, corn, empty fields
Harvest	is to reap, is to collect ripened fruit from the garden, is a time of year.
Harvest	the time to gather food that has been planted in the ground; generally think of fall time; a time of hard work; corn, wheat, rye, barley, etc. The most important time for a farmer during which the livelihood of his next year will be determined.
Harvest	crops, farmers, used to make money off of crops, what people buy for food, 
Harvest	is at the end of summer, is observed by farmers, is the plowing of crops and getting results of farm growth of the summer or whatever season
Harvest	food made by indians in the old days, term used a lot around Thanksgiving time
Harvest	Thanksgiving, corn, fields, food, fall, times of good
Harvest	pumkins farms animals tractors
Harvest	happiness for farmersprice of hard work
Harvest	in the spring and fall, farm, foods, corn, wheat, plants famers
Harvest	corn, farm, country, october, pumpkins, 
Harvest	Collecting produce from crops or fields. Many things can be harvested, corn; barley; wheat; peas etc. Involves either hand picking or use of heavy machinery like a header or other tractor.
Harvest	pumpkins, thanksgiving, family, indians
Harvest	crops, food, wheat, corn, soybeans, tractors, machinary
Harvest	gathering things, celebrating thanksgiving, symbol of agriculture
Harvest	thanksgiving, canned food drive harvest, crops
Harvest	
Homework	Studying, paperwork, work to be done outside of classroom, reading, hard, challenging, helpful for test questions
Homework	stressful, preparation for class, useless/ busy work most of the time, long, done outside of class
Homework	is something assigned by superiors, has to be done, has consequences if not completed, commonly given to students
Homework	practice of materials and knowledge that you learn, time consuming, frustrating, the cause of gray hairs beginning in young adults and teens
Homework	school, not worth it, useless sometimes, hard
Homework	stressful, tedious, a lot, assigned work, procrastination, grades, teachers, students, schools, studying, reading, writing, time consuming, paper
Homework	is annoying, can be helpful, for classes, used to study, given by teachers, used to learn on your own, used to reenforce ideas
Homework	no fun, responsibilties given by teachers at school, can make or break you, usually long papers or readings or surveys like this, to give practice or insight or experiance in the feild of study
Homework	sucks, work outside of the classroom
Homework	work to be done at home, 
Homework	is a necessary part of school, can be difficult or easy, sometimes requires writing papers, involves reading, requires books, requires a computer, is done outside of the school setting, prepares a student for tests, helps a student understand academic material
Homework	hard, time consuming, math, science, english.
Homework	tasks given by instructors to test students on skills, activities or exercises which test a student, practicing a skill
Homework	hard, tough, dreadful, long, not fun, pain, stressful
Homework	work that is assigned by teachers usually, meant to be done outside of class
Homework	time, effort, lazy, procrastinator, not fun, don't want to do it
Homework	time consuming, interestin, time management, big part of school
Homework	time consuming, helpful, boring, many papers, used to teach students, teachers grade it
Homework	school work, algebra, working out problems, looking up answers in the book, using paper and pencils, logic, solving problems, writing essays, using notes, thinking, helping each other
Homework	school work done at home, boring, hard, studying, worksheets, 
Homework	work you do at home, students dread this, helps you learn more by yourself, correlation to what you learned in class that day
Homework	boring, stressful, time consuming, practice before tests, knowledge building, 
Homework	School, assigned by teachers, students do homework, often put off for as long as possible.
Homework	school work for home, books, paper, school, pencils, back pack
Homework	put off, complete, hassle, procrastination
Homework	associated with school or careers, designed to prepare for tests or exams, provides points for overall grades, builds character, requires responsibility and time management
Homework	an assignment given in school, work expected to be done outside of class, preparation for tests and exams, assigned by teachers, assigned to students
Homework	is school work, is studying, is writing and typing, is tiring, is used to get an education
Homework	school, study, pencil
Homework	a task oriented with school, essential to learn for classes, time consuming, living in the library, i like it
Homework	-practice-redundant-
Homework	hated by students, extra practice, can be tedious, designed to help learn a concept and to retain it
Homework	sucks, knowledge, forever, paper, pencil, studies, grades.
Homework	school, work to be completed outside of class to reinforce what was learned in class
Homework	assignments, completed outside of class, to be returned for a grade, used to measure students' understanding of material
Homework	unpleasant, unhappy, excessive, reading, time-consuming, paper, computer, printing, notes
Homework	is not fun but is needed in order to understand topics, time consuming, hard, is exausting
Homework	given to students to further their knowledge of a subject. boring. time consuming
Homework	school, reading, highlighting, writing, projects, study,library, coffee
Homework	school
Homework	given in school by teachers, meant to practice things you have learned in class, is to help you learn, is boring, something you do at home
Homework	boring, time consuming, library, quite time, reading, math, writing.
Homework	Tedious, grades, due dates, priority, school, work, job, unenjoyable
Homework	given in class, important to class, used to help learn, most of the time boring 
Homework	annoying, hard, busy
Homework	is necessary, is time consuming, is difficult, is bad, is what we do for school, is what we do for work, is done on a computer, is done on paper.
Homework	what i'm doing now; academic coursework that is expected to be completed outside of class and should enhance the ability of the student in mastering a common vernacular, general ideas, and ultimately lead to synthesis of commonly established guidelines with innovative and critical thinking that will broaden or expand both the subject and the student.
Homework	done at home, can use other information to complete, done to learn more about subject
Homework	is never ending, grades, papers, school, is unpleasant
Homework	Takes up lots of time, teachers give it out so students can review material, reading, writing and typing papers, certain projects
Homework	Sometimes it is a good thing, other times I dislike it, time consuming, annoying
Homework	boring time, stress teachers
Homework	integral part of schoolhelps practice and understand what we learn
Homework	annoying, time consuming, reading, studying, paper, pens and pencils, calculator, books 
Homework	work, classes, A's , not fun
Homework	Not usually a pleasant experience but achievement is felt upon completion. Usually seen as a burden or chore, alot of procrastination occurs to avoid doing it.
Homework	paper, grades, work, effort, participation, learning, material
Homework	school, classes, teachers, students, studying, paper, pens, calculator, subjects, math, english, science, psychology, history
Homework	bettering your self, long and tedious
Homework	what the teacher gives you to help you understand and learn whatever subject she is teaching.
Homework	
Jungle	zoo, woods, forest, maze, wilderness, tangle backwoods, back country, hedge, bush
Jungle	a tropical forest, bad part of L.A., filled with a lot of animals and plants,
Jungle	is a place, has lots of trees, in the tropics, has a variety of animals and plants, humid, high temperatures, being destroyed for industries
Jungle	wilderness, where posionus snakes, frogs and other animals live, lions, monkeys, africa, rainforest
Jungle	africa, animals, jungle book
Jungle	monkeys,trees,lion,birds,snakes,bugs,green,brown,flowers, tarzan, fruits,endangered species, Pocahontas, erosion, planting trees, fire, isolated, quiet, peaceful
Jungle	has wild animals, lots of vegetation, has lots of trees, exotic animals, amazon, South America
Jungle	a forest with lots of crazy animals and plants, very pretty, where the lion sleeps tonight, green, moist and enchanting
Jungle	thick,  very thick tree coverage,  alot of animals,  
Jungle	trees, animals, dangerous, beautiful
Jungle	consists of trees, has many animals, temperate climate, lots of rain, people can get lost there, tribal groups live there
Jungle	palm trees, monkeys, gorillas, bananas, rain, sunshine, beauty, no human life around.
Jungle	has lots of trees, home to thousands of species of wildlife, the Amazon, "Jungle gym", a wild place uninhibited by many human beings
Jungle	animals, scary, rain, grass, woods, ropes, tarzan
Jungle	forsest full of animals, a mad house
Jungle	animals, wild, college, people, relationships
Jungle	the jungle book, jumanjie, trees, rain forest, tropical, jurasic park
Jungle	made of trees, vines, weeds, wide variety of plants, not really found in America, more southern, wide variety of animals, can be dangerous, in trouble because of deforestation
Jungle	the color green, has lots of leaves, trees, and growth, plantation, wild animals, big cats, insects, humidity, beauty, natural, Tarzan, adventure, exploring
Jungle	Rainy, animals, trees, plants, getting destroyed by people, very pretty, home for animals, few people live there
Jungle	forest, filled with plants and animals, bugs, water, can be dangerous
Jungle	wild animals, dangerous, big snakes, poverty, green
Jungle	a forest, found on many continents, animals live here, diverse, exploring, very green, rains a lot, hot and humid
Jungle	animals, forest, vegetation, dense forest, rainforest, wilderness
Jungle	animals live here, trees, plants, insects, dangerous at times, 
Jungle	wild mass of vegetation or other things, green, vines and trees, typically in the tropics
Jungle	is full of plants and trees, lots of animals live there, green, dark, hot, rainy, only in certain places on earth, around the equator, a specific habitat, a type of environment,  
Jungle	made of trees and vegetation, full of animals, canopy of trees, many different levels, cold, warm, humid
Jungle	Green, wild, animals
Jungle	george of the jungle, arid, tropical, not in the usa, can be dangerous if lost, lots of animals and plants
Jungle	-deep-smells- Fresh-animals
Jungle	tremendous amount of trees and wildlife, more intense form of a forest, lots of vegetation
Jungle	animals, tarzan, trees, amazon, rain forest, hot, humdity, wild.
Jungle	forest, trees, greenery, animals, bushes, lots of land
Jungle	Trees, amazon, animals, water, where animals live, wildlife, 
Jungle	trees, tarzan, green, flowers, animals, wildlife, rainforest
Jungle	is wild, is green, is wet, is full of different animals, in danger
Jungle	scary, tigers, green, pine fresh, waterfall, smells moist, fresh air, dew, filled with life
Jungle	trees,green, animals, bugs, snakes
Jungle	when the lions are liveing
Jungle	has trees, home to many animals, is green, is wild, gets cut down, grows by the equator, is nature, is outside,
Jungle	plants, animals, scary, beautiful, tropical, not found in the United States.
Jungle	Trees, green, swampy, muggy, hot, humid, wet, animals, tribes
Jungle	feels dense, looks green, feels hot, smells wet, looks dangerous
Jungle	monkey, rain forest, swinging from branches, lion
Jungle	is a place, is full of animals, is full of plants, is scary, is where to go hunting, is where to go on a safari.
Jungle	a tropical rainforest that is overgrown; wild; uninhabiated by civilization; located a standard deviation of 20 degrees from the equatorial line; connotations are dangerous but exciting; that the food chain is always in motion where size is certainly no indicator of aggression or ability; a biological hotbed; the production of the world's most oxygen; deforestation for agricultural purposes and poaching for greed.
Jungle	lots of trees, a lot of animals, rains a lot, it may be very humid, not much sunlight
Jungle	is a forest, has exotic animals, has lots of trees with different layers including canopy, has rivers,is George of the Jungle and Tarzan's home
Jungle	Exotic animals, rainforest, hot and humid climate, George of the Jungle.
Jungle	Tigers, monkeys, pretty green trees, vines, Tarzan, colorful birds, colorful frogs, deadly, dangerous
Jungle	scary green monkeys animals, hot
Jungle	lots of treeshas animals
Jungle	animals, tarzan, pretty, colorful 
Jungle	green, animals, colombia, jungle book, mogley, gorillas, fica
Jungle	A green forage of trees and wildlife, flora and fauna, a habitat, big green leaves and tarzan.
Jungle	fever, juice, panther, plants, trees, rivers
Jungle	has trees, has vines, wild animals, normally warm weather, lots of birds, vegatation, insects, endangered, 
Jungle	it can be dangerious, its very humid, there are different kinds of plants and animals you can't find anywhere else, it can be a place for adventure, 
Jungle	trees, canopies, exotic animals and bugs, exotic plants, beautiful but can be dangerous
Jungle	
Knit	to make something, to join closely, making scarfs, looping yarns together by hand
Knit	two needles, can be used to make a scarf or other clothing items, 
Knit	a item that has been knitted, can be clothing or blankets, can be any color, takes time to make
Knit	to sow, bind together, weave, fabrics, scarves, mittens, hats, winter, elderly hobby
Knit	sewing something, yarn, string, needle, thimble
Knit	sweaters, threads, tailors, old woman, relaxing, smooth, itchy, slow, tedious, winter, cold
Knit	sweaters, knitting needles, activity, old ladies, blankets, boring, mindless
Knit	to tie consecutive knots in yarn or string, to make pretty scarves or hats, usually older people do this, to keep your hands busy 
Knit	activity,  
Knit	sweaters, wool, cotton
Knit	uses yarn, uses needles, creates clothing, sweaters, socks, hats, is done by older people, is done by mostly women
Knit	sweater, is a hobby, knitting needles.
Knit	the action of looping and tying pieces of yarn together, to weave
Knit	grandma, scarves, thread, cloth, quilt
Knit	something you do with needles and thread, you can make quilts, scarves, hats, and etc by doing this
Knit	grammy, blankets, sweater, mits
Knit	krochet, old lady, blanket, warm, 
Knit	clothing is sometimes knitted, it's also used as a form of relaxation, involves yarn
Knit	a knit sweater, cold weather, crochet, hats, gloves, uses yarn, uses needles, hobby of the elderly, requires skill, requires patience
Knit	needles, yarn, old people, blankets, scarfs
Knit	sewing, using fabric or yarn or thread, hobby, pastime
Knit	yarn, sweaters, socks and gloves, older women, warm, soft, winter 
Knit	an act of making something, using yarn, can be presented to someone, can be taught to others.
Knit	needles, sewing, thread, blankets, wool, intertwining, bond
Knit	to knit a sweater
Knit	hobby usually associated with older women, the making of something by using yarn, soft, stretchy, sometimes colorful, used for warmth
Knit	is a type of fabric, can be many colors, is warm, made up of interweaving threads, made of lots of materials, can be sewed, can be made into clothes, can be used to decorate, 
Knit	makes clothing or decorations, can be any color, associated with old ladies
Knit	sweater, yarn, needles
Knit	grandmothers do this, string and yarn, sweaters, fabric, something that a lot of guys don't do
Knit	-soft-warm-relaxing
Knit	like crocheting, make items like scarves or socks, use wool to make the items warm, an activity, uses needles, done as a past-time
Knit	yawn, quilt.
Knit	thread, yarn, stitching materials together, clothes, cloth
Knit	requires needles, used for making clothing and fabric items
Knit	grandma, fun, warmth, yarn, needles
Knit	is done with yarn and needles, you can make a variety of things when knitting, can be different colors, women tend to knit
Knit	sewing, yarn, old people. scarves, soft, warm
Knit	blanket, needle,thread, grandma
Knit	sweters and socks
Knit	with yarn or other materials, uses needles, something people do, can make blankets or scarves, 
Knit	grandmothers, crafty, sweaters, blankets, scarves, made with yarn.
Knit	Grandmother, scarves, gloves, hats, blankets, yarn, household chore
Knit	used to make clothing or fabric goods, warm quilts, elderly women
Knit	yarn, old women, making scarves
Knit	how to make a sweater, how to make a scarf, a type of stitching.
Knit	the act of closing or mending, as in a word (i.e. the flesh knits back together after a cut); using fabric (yarn, I think) to make clothing or blankets; generally an activity favored by older ladies.
Knit	sewing, making quilts, making clothes
Knit	is performed to create sweaters, socks, blankets, etc., made by yarn and knitting needles, patterns, associated with old ladies
Knit	Something my grandma used to do, yarn and needles needed, blankets made from
Knit	Old ladies, kittens, yarn, spool, needles, making blankets, scarves, socks
Knit	needle yarn old ladys hats sweaters, cold
Knit	grandmothers knit sweaterswarmth of the wool and affection both
Knit	scarf, my grandma, sweaters, socks, colorful, soft, unique
Knit	grandma, yarn, needles, sweaters, blankets, scarf, soft, homey
Knit	The weaving of wool using long thick needles or industrial machinery. Associated with older women who sit by the fireplace and make booties, sweaters or scarves for other loved ones.
Knit	sweater, pants, clothes, old ladies
Knit	scarves, hats, old women, rocking chairs, thread, yard, sweaters, knitting, gifts, presents
Knit	making sweaters, making clothing, a hobby, its relaxing
Knit	a type of clothing, a hobby
Knit	
Middle	central, between, average, center, median, medial, halfway, medium, midpoint, midway
Middle	child, school, middle child syndrome, over looked, not first or last, describes the order of something, 
Middle	being between objects or people, can be physical or mental
Middle	inbetween, troublesome, the median, the scale divider of large and small
Middle	child, average, median
Middle	in between, neutral, middle east, center, median, middle finger, fair, bias, indecisive, safe, focal point
Middle	between two or more others, center, mean, median, average, middle child in a family
Middle	stuck between, or cozy, even distance from beginning and end, an indicator of time span or physical state
Middle	not first or last, not best or worse
Middle	median, 
Middle	not the outer part, is associated with sandwiches, can be a part of a group of siblings (middle child)
Middle	outside, inside, middle child, best part of food.
Middle	in between, stuck, behind the first and before the third
Middle	in between, center, bulls eye, middle hitter, size, median, level
Middle	Between something, not on the outside, surrounded by something
Middle	between people, arguments, getting in the middle, losing trust, breaking up two people
Middle	in betweene, mixed thoughts, pbj sandwich, transition
Middle	in between, center of at least two other objects, half
Middle	in between, not the largest, not the smallest, equal distance from each end, not first, not last
Middle	center, not beginning or end, not frist or last, median
Middle	in between beginning and end
Middle	between 2 others, half, median
Middle	in between two things, a middle child, a middle seat, can be in a dilemma.
Middle	in between, central, equal distance, midpoint, center, halfway
Middle	in the middle, not last, not first, average
Middle	referring to central, in between two objects
Middle	in between, directly centered, median, equator, bisector
Middle	in the center, central, equal
Middle	In-between, not as important
Middle	name, in between, odd numbers, center of something
Middle	-between-school-feel-trapped-used to describe or for location
Middle	in between, center, half way, in between first and last, in between left and right
Middle	child, stuck, finger, malcom, between.
Middle	in between 2 or more objects/people
Middle	in between two things
Middle	child, average, not far, quiet
Middle	stuck between two paths, is a fork in the road, is hard to make a decision
Middle	mid point of the day, center of a given activity (time, place, etc)
Middle	in between, medium, 
Middle	in between numbers
Middle	between two things, 
Middle	stuck, not at the beginning or the end, half way mark, goals.
Middle	Between beginning and end, center
Middle	the second phase of a story, feels confined, feels cramed, smells sweaty
Middle	in between, middle name, middle child
Middle	is the center of something, is what you are in if two of your friends are fighting, is a place.
Middle	in betweeen the medial and lateral portions; a designation of at least three; the middle child; man in the middle; 
Middle	in between two things, center, 
Middle	is in between, beginning middle and end, middle finger is considered vulgar in america, the middle of an oreo is the best part, the second of three names of people
Middle	Middle name or middle child. The object between two or more things usually in odd numbers
Middle	Middle child, just right, before long and after short, medium
Middle	inbetween next, second
Middle	is in center from both ends
Middle	your middle name, middle child, in between two different objects
Middle	school, in between, child, layers
Middle	Between big and small, older and younger or average sized object.
Middle	beginning, end, after, mid fielder
Middle	inbetween front and back, middle seat, middle lane, middle of something, something inbetween two things
Middle	it can mean middle child, not to high or not to low
Middle	not the beginning, not the end, in between, the center
Middle	
Milk	calcium, cream 
Milk	comes from animals, feeds young animals, nasty white stuff, contains lactose
Milk	a liquid, all mammals produce it, generally comes from cows to be sold in stores, is white, has to be kept cold
Milk	2%, calcium, strength, kids
Milk	comes from cows, calcium, good for babies, breast milk, white, chocloate, skim, whole, 2%
Milk	skim, 2%, white, chocolate, cold, warm, pancakes, waffles, breakfast, oreos, sleeping, cereal, cups, baking, lactose tolerant, babies, breast feeding
Milk	is white, is creamy, comes pasteurized, comes from cows, come from goats, babies drinik it, comes from mothers, natural, growth, nutrients
Milk	white, kind of thick, comes from cows, makes me sick, good for drinking, cooking and eating cereal, can be white, chocolate, strawberry or whatever weird way you can think of
Milk	drink,  from a cow,  can be turned into ice cream
Milk	calcium, cows, white, dairy, good for you, strong bones
Milk	is white, is good for you, comes from cows and other animals, is primary source of nutrients for baby animals, is tasty, can be flavored, can be used in cooking, is liquid, is creamy
Milk	cereal, dairy, cows, carton, bottle, lactose intolerant, babies need it, calcium, helps you have strong bones and teeth.
Milk	white, comes from a cow, has calcium and Vitamin D, beverage, produced by pregnant women, the nourishment for young animals and humans
Milk	strong bones, cow, wet, liquid, white, good, oeros
Milk	liquid produced by mammals, the most common types that humans drink are cow and goat milk
Milk	stomach ache, low fat, 2%, soy, skim, all the different colored cartons, lactose free milk, dairy, ice cream, cheese
Milk	hiland dairy, water retention, ice cream, cottage cheese, home
Milk	white, liquid, poured in a bowl or cup, used to make other foods, creamy, found in kitchens, is drinkable, helps build strong bones, calcium
Milk	white, mammals produce it, babies drink it, you put it in your cereal, calcium, vitamins and nutrients, can have it cold or hot, expiration date, 2%, whole, skim, lactose, used in baking, used to make cheese, used to make yogurt
Milk	white, comes from cows, calcium, protien, choclate and strawberry milk, 
Milk	comes from cows, skim, 1%, 2%, and whole, calcium, makes bones stronger, chocolate, white, banana, and strawberry flavors, put in cereal
Milk	Good for bones, goes with cookies, white, smooth, creamy, healthy, cold, good for heartburn, main ingredient in most cakes
Milk	Comes from cows, all animals consume it, is white, creamy, main ingredient in many things.
Milk	calcium, protein, comes from cows, strong bones, healthy, nourishment
Milk	cow, 2%, chocolate, skim, whole, 
Milk	nutritious, full of calcium, comes from many different kinds of mammals including women, also comes from things such as coconuts, white unless flavored or altered milk, creamy and smooth unless old
Milk	created by female mammals, typically cow's milk is drunk, is pasteurized, white, has different consistencies, is edible, is nutritious, is liquid  
Milk	it is breast excretion, it is nutritious, it can be found in mammals 
Milk	fatty, cow, calcium
Milk	cows, pasteurized, 2%, little kids are forced to drink, calcium, prevents osteoporosis, white color, hard to describe the smell
Milk	taste-thick-Dairy-cow
Milk	comes from a cow, contains calcium and vitamins, helps build strong bones and teeth, need three to five servings a day
Milk	cow, chocolate, white, cereal, baking, soy, skim, mothers, babies, formula.
Milk	white, used to drink, from cows, in many foods
Milk	comes from cows, used for drinking, used for cooking, liquid, white, dairy
Milk	2%, white, chocolate, delicious, cold, oreos, fluid
Milk	is a liquid, is white, builds strong bones and teeth, has vitamin D, comes from cows
Milk	comes from cows, gives you a milk mustache, strong bones, source of calcium, fed to babies, mothers way of nurturing their newborn
Milk	healthy, cow, utters, liquid, drink, cereal
Milk	cow
Milk	is white, is healthy for you, comes from cows, has calcium, is a drink, has an expiration date
Milk	2%, skim, chocolate, calcium, bones, cows, lactose. 
Milk	Cereal, skim, whole, two percent, baking, ice cream, calcium, beneficial
Milk	looks white, comes from a mamal, represents nourishment, goes good with cereal, refreshment, feels cold
Milk	white, two percent, skim, cow, cold
Milk	comes from cows, comes from goats, is edible, is white, is liquid, is nutritious, is an ingredient, is a drink, is creamy.
Milk	the product of a cow; pasteurized to remove bacteria; a common household good; used in baking, cereal, and coffee; wonderful with chocolate syrup; a good source of Calcium that promotes healthy bone development in pediatrics and discourages the development of osteoporosis in geriatrics; a glass bottle in which it was originall package to the plastic carton it is encased in in modern times; a replaceable product that is the basis for "no use crying over spilled milk"
Milk	comes from a cow, helps build strong bones and teeth, has a lot of calcium
Milk	calcium, builds strong bones, is white, dairy, produced by females, whole, 2%, skim, primary drink of babies
Milk	white nasty drink, i only use it for cereal
Milk	White, delicious, necessity, Vitamin D, skim, whole, 1%, 2%, growing children, chocolate, strawberry
Milk	comes from cows, cold, white, good with cookies
Milk	nutritiousis white
Milk	yummy, white or chocolate, 2 %, healthy, cows, farm, babies
Milk	gross, white, fat, cows, lactose, cereal, cheese, ice cream, dairy, goats
Milk	Comes in many different flavors, strawberry, chocolate, banana, caramel or vanilla. Produced by a cow and processed beyond the original product. Also produced by any mammal to feed it's young. Colostrum is the begining of the milk once young is born, it helps to fend off disease and bacteria, building up the young's immune system. Can be separated from the thicker molecules (cream) to create "low fat" options. Used to make milk shakes, cake and other ingredients for cooking. A healthy product to consume. Some people are allergic to it and thus need alternative sources of Calcium. Comes out of a teet or nipple.
Milk	cow, yummy, 2%, skim, chocolate
Milk	cows, chocolate, white, two percent, whole milk, skim milk, strawberry milk, ingredient, gallon, half gallon
Milk	it is full of calcium, its not good for me, used in dairy
Milk	good for bones, good for a healthy diet, can come from cows or goats
Milk	
Mountain	cold, tall, hike, adventurous, challenging, cool to look at
Mountain	very large hill, normally in a range, high above sea level, made of rock, object that some people enjoy climbing, 
Mountain	is an extremely large hill, can be very rocky, cold near the top year round
Mountain	a tall mound of dirt and rock, used for hikeing, skiing, and snowboarding, full of tall trees, avalanches, winding roads, cliffs, sightseeing, views, montana, 
Mountain	tall, snow on top, climbing
Mountain	Mt. Everest,green,landmarks,snow,tall,big, hills, Alaska, cliff, hiking, skiing, altitude, obstacle, brown, white, Mt. Apo, Mt. Taal, beautiful, large
Mountain	tall, rocky, vegetation, goats, in Colorado, Rocky Mountains, Appalachian Mountains, rolling, avalanche
Mountain	a very large hill, can be covered in trees or simply made of stone, if high enough comparitive to the sea level, can be snow-capped, gorgeous
Mountain	tall, snowy, rocky, groups together into ranges,
Mountain	big, snow on th etop, high elevations, mountain chains, 
Mountain	is tall, has snow on top, can be volcanic, climbed by hikers, found all over the world
Mountain	valleys, colorado, tennessee, beauty, earth, 
Mountain	the Rockies, an elevated piece of land, high elevation, cold temperatures at the top
Mountain	large, grey, snow, steep, bumpy, animals, Colorado, Ski
Mountain	raised land, very high altitude, usually topped with snow or ice
Mountain	california with my mom, perfect, landscape, beauty
Mountain	cold, tall, hard to walk up, colorado, thin air
Mountain	peaks, beautiful, can be snowy, high altitudes, more difficult to breathe, can ski down them, painted in scenery pictures
Mountain	like a hill only larger, people climb them, can have snow at the top, people ski and snowboard on them, have high altitudes, have agile animals on them, Mt Everest is the tallest one above sea level, can be in ranges
Mountain	high, climb, slow on the top, high elevation, Rockey mountians, valey at the bottom of the mountian
Mountain	very tall, either has snow or rocks, people like to climb these, known for avalanches, can be dangerous, less oxygen
Mountain	huge, climbing, cold temperature, snow capped, rocky, steep, trees until line of vegetation, recreation, west and east, rockys and smokeys
Mountain	a place to vacation, hike, outdoor activities, a natural landscape, a metaphor,
Mountain	large elevation of land, colorado, peak, height, heaps, hills, snow, alps
Mountain	tall, peak, nature
Mountain	a large steep hill, composed of rock, gray in color or sometimes brown or red, hard, natural elevation of the earth's surface
Mountain	is made of rock, is tall, comes from the earth, is pointy, lots of them are covered in snow, appear in ranges, only certain animals live on the, people climb them for sport, taller than hills, create land barriers, difficult to pass through, contain minerals
Mountain	big, tall, made of rock and dirt, can be climbed 
Mountain	colorado, snow, ski
Mountain	very high, snow covered, snowboard on it, mt. everest, all over the world, people climb them, rams live on them
Mountain	-Cold-Tall-Smells- Fresh Air
Mountain	a high point on the earth, snow-capped, a high and long climb, part of a range
Mountain	peek, high, snow, top of the world, camping , goat, german, alps, volcanoes, cold, touching the sky, rocky.
Mountain	large, higher than rest of ground, peak
Mountain	Large, tall, land mass, used for hiking, used for skiing, snow on top, rocky, trees, high altitude, used for outdoor activites
Mountain	cold, ice, large, snow, skiing, climbing, hiking, white, green, brown, altitude, breathing
Mountain	is tall, is cold, symbolizes difficulties, is exausting to climb
Mountain	nature structure, immovable force, overwhelming, magnificent 
Mountain	big,beautiful snowcap,rocky
Mountain	what holds snow 
Mountain	tall, big, pointy, a landmark, something you climb, a part of earth, can me underwater, something outside 
Mountain	tall, snowcaps, hikers, fun, rocky, cliff, pointy, adventure
Mountain	Made of rock, tall, less air, camping, hiking, skiing, climbing, natural
Mountain	tall, cold, usually made of rocks, scaleable, smells fresh, smells clean, feels rough, looks intimidating
Mountain	climb, snow caps, mount everest
Mountain	is a huge rock, has a peak, is tall, is hard to climb, has snow on the peak, it is jagged, it is secluded.
Mountain	A formation of land that's apex is of a much higher altitude than base; made from the movement of glaciers in the last ice age; a snow-capped mountain top; Everest and the Himalayas; home of snowboarding and skiing sports; snow and ice; generally a very large landmark structure; used as an adjective to describe size sometimes; a beautiful setting/scenery denoted by briskness.
Mountain	climbing, tall, big, high, covered in snow at top, many trees, part of nature, where animals live, where tourists go to hike
Mountain	is a very inclined formation of rocks that are often climbed as a hobby, holds many forms of wildlife, good for hunting and camping, mountain biking
Mountain	tall earth form, people can climb, found all over the world, some have snow at the top, Mount Everest is the tallest
Mountain	Large, beautiful, dangerous to some, wildlife, forests, Rocky, Appalachian, Smoky, groups
Mountain	snow, climb, tall
Mountain	part of sceneryrocksused for constructions and mining
Mountain	colorado, snow, very tall, skiing, winter, mountain tops, snow gear
Mountain	tops, snow, climb, hike, denver, green, white, mountain lions, fall, cliff, twisty roads
Mountain	range, an elevated area of land, can be covered in trees, rock, snow.
Mountain	climbing, rocks, geology, volcano, snowboarding, snow, everest
Mountain	colorado, mount st. helen, snow caps, hiking, skiing, snowboarding, lodges, elevation, less air, cold weather
Mountain	they are beautiful, full of adventure, they can be recreational
Mountain	Andies mountains, very tall and steep
Mountain	
One	individual, number, alone, odd, uncommon, precise, separate, single, sole, only, particular
One	the lonliest number, solo, alone, a number
One	is a number, falls been 0 and 2, signifies something being the only one,
One	singular of any object, uno, standing alone
One	the number, only, single
One	number, first, top place, winner, alone, someone, somebody, odd, singular, deserted, single, solo
One	single, by theirself, serving, alone, not conforming
One	the number,  alone, looks somewhat like the letter l depending on how you write it, homonym of won
One	first number, single
One	number, first number, number before two, U2 song
One	is a number, is lonely, is solitary
One	is a number, person, life, time of day
One	singular, alone, without a pair, first place, a number
One	 First place, number, trophy, person
One	number before 2, the first real number, singular
One	one year old baby, same thing a number makes me think of age
One	minute, and 1, a number
One	a number, singular, alone, used in math, first number, countable on one's fingers
One	single, alone, digit, uno, a number, an odd number, 
One	number, odd, first number, single little,
One	is a number, an amount, a time
One	single, alone, solitary, endangered, 
One	a numerical value, can be used to represent an amount, an age.
One	uno, less than two, unit, lowest number, single
One	number, there is only one
One	is a number, refers to single, looks like a lowercase L sometimes
One	is a number, is more that zero, is less that two, is divisible by one, is an odd number, is not a prime, 1n=n, 
One	is a number, the beginning, the first in line
One	baby, young, number
One	a number, accounting, odd number, single, the worst dollar bill to have in your wallet
One	-The Number-alone
One	a number, before the number two, first real number, single digit, odd
One	First, me, only, uno, number.
One	only, more than 0 but less than 2, single, 
One	alone, singular, solo
One	two, three (etc.), first, top, 1st Birthday
One	is the best, is a winner, is sometimes lonely, is sad
One	first, best in something, primary, number, odd digit, used in counting, number on a clock
One	number, only, best
One	when its just you
One	lonely, to come together as one, one then no more, first, a number, single digit, odd number, prime number
One	there's one person in the world for you, soulmate, unique, special, first impressions, it is a number.
One	Single, alone, solo, first, only, separate, a number
One	lonely, feels rigid, tastes bland, looks sad
One	a number
One	is a number, is a time, is an age, is a place.
One	The first number; the only; a single; can carry negative or positive connotations depending on the range of the scale and whether it is ascending or descending in numerical value; 
One	straight vertical line, a single thing, a number
One	is a number, single, solo, the beginning, positive number
One	a single number
One	Single, lonely, sad, cheap
One	first, simple, 
One	denotes superior positionis a number
One	individual, a single thing or object, by itself
One	one and only, marriage, uno, alone, 
One	A numeral, it comes after zero and before two. Used in rankings and is usually considered a good thing as it is at the top of a list. Also means first when using placements.
One	two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten
One	the number, one god, singular, uno, secular
One	single, a unit, the loneliest number that you ever knew
One	a number or age, a place for a competition
One	
Play	comedy, show, hit, drama, entertainment, fun, recess, movement, motion, action, exercise
Play	linked to childhood, release energy, outdoors or indoors, a fun time, board games, social interaction, video games, 
Play	the act of having fun, not being serious, not doing work, having friends or others you care about around
Play	important for children's development, reenacting a story or poem, free time to do as you choose, relax, running around, sports
Play	having fun, sports, a theater show, winning and losing
Play	games, fun, friends, theater, acting, movies, music, guitar, piano, performance, joking, happy, relaxed, recreation, amusement, park
Play	an opera, a musical, stage play, with actors, has an audience, for entertainment, art piece, has a playwright
Play	opposite of work, to have fun, what children do, using imagination to entertain ones self, with friends or by yourself
Play	activity, outdoor
Play	fun, energy
Play	done by children and adults, is fun, can be done indoors or outside, involves toys or games, involves computers or phones, children use it as a way to understand the world
Play	children, babysitting, can be a show like on stage.
Play	a theatrical production, the action of performing a sport, the using of the imagination
Play	sports, games, fun, cool, entertainment, exercise
Play	to do something, physical activity, something that children do, a theatre show that people usually pay to attend
Play	instruments, animals playing, sand volleyball, soccer, basketball, softball, ping pong
Play	out side, lots of girl friends, a game, movie
Play	performed on a stage, requires at least one person, used as a form of entertainment, sometimes uses a script, sometimes improved
Play	fun, children do it, gamers do it, sports, can be done with a ball, recess, athletes do it, video games, board games, other games, you push it to watch a movie or video
Play	having fun, sports, kids with friends, certain play for a sport
Play	having fun, could be at a sport, on a playground, with friends, play is an action
Play	movies, toys, children, fun, tag, puppies and kittens, fun, something you do in free time. 
Play	Children, interacting with others, doing something that you enjoy, a state of action.
Play	fun, engage in activity, entertain, enjoy, happiness, smiles
Play	sports, have fun, thrill, excitement, aggressive
Play	is a show, provides entertainment, has an intermission, smells like popcorn
Play	is an activity, is fun, is physical, is mental, is used to pass time, is encouraged in children
Play	it is fun, it is sports, 
Play	Children, toys, fun
Play	have fun, little kids, theater, actors and actresses, 
Play	-children-casino
Play	time to have fun, doing something enjoyable, being care-free
Play	fun, sports, hard, effort, athletic, games, lets go, video games, children, around.
Play	fun, kids mostly do, playground
Play	to have fun, sometimes outside, often done with other people, 
Play	children, playground, little sister, nieces and nephews, toys, youth
Play	is fun, is happy, is simple, is imagination, is smiles and laughter
Play	fun, children often do it, balloons, playgrounds, sports, outdoors
Play	fun, pretend, kids, sports,games,music
Play	somethng to do 
Play	has acts and scenes, can be done inside or outside, requires people, acting, 
Play	children, playground, school, development, it is fun.
Play	Theatre, fun, enjoyable, children, toys, imagination, playground equipment
Play	playground, games, fun, builds character, helps in development
Play	jungle gym, tag, little kids
Play	is a show, is a form of entertainment, is where to go on a date, is written, is directed.
Play	a story told through real people that is set on a stage; generally a musical in which most of the actors sing; the act of having fun through communal activities.
Play	what people do for fun, is where people entertain, wear costumes, people act, dress rehearsals, can be a musical
Play	is a theatrical performance, is a part of a sports game, is the act of children interacting with another using toys and imagination
Play	a button on the dvd player or cd player. when you are a child it is something you do like use your toys or go outside to socialize and run around with friends
Play	Children, fun, having a good time, running, swing sets, swimming, dolphins
Play	ball, children, laugh
Play	for fun and relaxationdone on grounds,in house or laptops,etc
Play	kids, playground, laughing, fun, games 
Play	football, basketball, sports, playmaker, quarterback, coaches, ball, players club, playing the field 
Play	Something done usually by kids when they are board. Associated with games of all ages such as playing hockey, football etc. Can also be what one may go watch for entertainment where people act out scenes to a written story.
Play	ground, swing set, little kids, having fun
Play	outside, games, board games, sports, active, moving around, playing with others 
Play	exercise, you can be involved with games, it can mean kidding
Play	play at a park, a theatrical performance, toys
Play	
Rights	correct, amendments, rules, laws
Rights	something that everyone is entitled to, first ten amendments to constitution, 
Rights	is something everyone has, can be taken away, provided by government and nature, 
Rights	The ability to do as you would like within the restraints of the law
Rights	wrongs, what youre allowed to do, bill of
Rights	civil rights, laws, Congress, judges, lawyers, police, privilege, rules, freedom, permission, president, power, correct, true, valid
Rights	justice, Bill of Rights, 1st Ammendment, freedoms, Declaration of Independence
Rights	our justification from someone else of what we can do legally, what we rely on to keep us free, or take many "rights" in your path
Rights	what people can't take away from us
Rights	laws allowed to citizens, Bill of Rights, rights reserved to the people
Rights	fundamental part of democracy, can be violated, can be protected by law, can be abused
Rights	constitution of the united states, we all have rights, equal rights, 1776, things that we are all born with.
Rights	those roles given to a group of people which cannot be taken away, a free choice which people are given to make
Rights	handed, freedom, side, left, do what you want
Rights	freedoms that you are given
Rights	someones rights, right and wrong, opinions
Rights	freedom, innocent untillproven guilty, a lie, a joke
Rights	legal or social principles, things we are allowed
Rights	freedoms, things that Americans are entitled to, Civil rights, right to vote, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, right to bear arms
Rights	what your borned with, things you can do by law
Rights	what you're allowed to do, what is expected from citizens
Rights	freedom of speech, something that can't be taken away, Bill of Rights, freedom.
Rights	Constitution, Bill of Rights, Founding Fathers, fighting for freedom.
Rights	fair, everyone has these, moral, ethical, good, legal
Rights	rights given to you, cant be removed
Rights	ideas that are believed to belong justifiably to every person, are used in justice system, provide conformity and value and morals
Rights	a legal ability, forms of respect, should belong to everyone, fought over, creates freedom
Rights	equal, even, good, proper, just
Rights	Abolishment I'd slavery, USA, women
Rights	human freedom, entitled to your own opinion, constitution
Rights	-legal-equal
Rights	principles, everyone is entitled to them, shouldn't be taken away
Rights	human, laws, false, politcal, court, freedom, speech, D. I., government.
Rights	entitlements, eithical principles, freedoms, social rules born with
Rights	being entitled to do certain things
Rights	constitution, happiness, life, freedom, America, religion
Rights	is needed, is desirable
Rights	privileges, granted to people based on constitution
Rights	freedom, u.s.a
Rights	its a hand or a trun
Rights	something we have, stuff we can legally do without being punished, something the state has, are written, freedom
Rights	Declaration of Independence, Constitution, equal, destrimination, wrongs.
Rights	Freedoms, equality, independence, safety, human desires
Rights	supposed to be for everyone, can be taken away which defeats the purpose of the word, always sought after yet rarely found
Rights	something everyone has
Rights	what is good or proper, what we fight for, what can't be taken away.
Rights	the standardization of fairness to all; a certain number of beliefs or practices that arises from an inherentness of sentient intelligence whereby we designate the deservedness of all to be equal; brings to mind the Bill of Rights and the Constitution/Amendments; how rights are abused; the original rights that were proposition by the founding father (right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of possessions) and a theoretical question of whether these rights were ever attained, are still considered in effect, or if they have been manipulated, abused, or absolutely dissolved in a power move by government forces as they grow ever more paranoid in their pursuit of self-preservation while they forget the lessons from which this great nation was forged.
Rights	used to give people justice, civil, 
Rights	is what is considered moral or immoral, usually debatable ex. female rights, opposite of wrong
Rights	People are born with certain rights, the Constitution gives us more rights but they are governed by the government to promote equalness.
Rights	Deserved by everyone, the ability to be free
Rights	laws self proclaim
Rights	essential for living in societyaccompanied by duties too
Rights	what you can do, freedom, rosa parks, segregation 
Rights	to party, freedom of speech, unjust cruelty, rights to a lawyer, government, judges, court, jury
Rights	Something people have in regards to the law and how they can get into trouble.
Rights	civil rights, native rights, individual rights
Rights	Miranda rights, constitution, bill of rights, personal rights, freedoms
Rights	Constitution, god giving, freedom.
Rights	what we are able to do without breaking the law
Rights	
Ring	sound, jewelry, circle, commitment, work 
Ring	gold, circle, piece of Jewry, symbol of love and friendship
Ring	is an object that has a closed connection, can be jewelry for fingers, can be place boxing matches are held
Ring	circle, neverending, commitment, a symbol for marrage
Ring	engagement, around the rosie, wedding
Ring	wedding, marriage, promises, friendships, white, diamond, ruby, shiny, circular, fancy, divorce, expensive, jewelry, fingers, lips, toes, 
Ring	worn on hand, worn on toe, is pretty, has jewels, diamonds, pearls, is shiny, round
Ring	a circle of metal to go around a finger, usually symbolizing meaning behind relationships, or the noise that comes from a telephone or bell, to alert
Ring	metal, diamond, love, happiness,
Ring	wedding ring, ring of fire, 
Ring	used to symbolize marriage or other commitment, used as jewelry for decoration, is a sound that a bell makes, is also a sound that a phone makes
Ring	wedding, proposal, engagement, marriage, husband, wife, family, promise.
Ring	piece of jewelry worn on the finger, a circle around another object
Ring	diamong, silver, gold, pretty, cost a lot, has a meaning
Ring	a circle, a place where boxers have their boxing matches, something you get as a gift or for getting married
Ring	marriage, a promise, a commitment, jewelry, fashionable, target
Ring	engagement, commitment, relationship, criminal
Ring	symbolic for marriage, used as a gift, purity ring, some are expensive, diamonds may be in them, class ring, jewelry, circular, put on a finger or a chain around the neck
Ring	worn on fingers or toes, worn in ears, used as a sign of engagement, worn to show marital status, made of metal or plastic, have precious gems in them, what a telephone does, where a circus takes place in
Ring	wedding, boyfriend, jewley, dimond, pretty, all different sizes and prices, silver or gold
Ring	a circle, could go on your finger or toe, is a shape
Ring	promises, marriage, love, commitment,beautiful, diamonds, expensive, you've found "the one"
Ring	engagement, significant meaning, presented to a person, annotated meaning for promising, holds significant meaning to couples and during weddings, round.
Ring	wear on your fingers, wedding ring, phone ringtone, circle, loop, band, hoop
Ring	something that you wear on your finger, means something special, gift, commitment
Ring	is a circle that goes on a finger, represents commitment sometimes, is used as an accessory sometimes, is made of gold or silver sometimes, is made of cheap metal sometimes
Ring	a band, a circle, can be worn, made of many materials, created by humans, round, 
Ring	it is round, it is any color, it is placed on ones finger, it is smooth 
Ring	doorbell, telephone, high pitch 
Ring	shiny, diamonds, associated with weddings or love, expensive
Ring	-bell-phone-loud
Ring	an endless circle, a piece of jewelry, the sound a phone makes when someone is calling
Ring	wedding, cirus, circle, gold, sliver, diamonds, games, forever.
Ring	worn on finger, can be used as fashion accessories, used during proposing and marriage ceremonies 
Ring	valuable, made of metal, diamonds, used for proposals, used for special occasions, brass, gold, silver
Ring	wedding, finger, type, jewelry, daily, hand
Ring	is made of metals, is expensive, signifies love, jewelery, is worn on fingers by both men and women
Ring	love, harmony, weddings, connection, security
Ring	marriage, diamond, white gold, special, fiance
Ring	bell
Ring	accessory, made of many different materials, a circle, wear on your finger, something you propose with, comes in different sizes, is small
Ring	wedding, a promise, love, stylish, gold or silver, diamonds, jewels.
Ring	Sound, jewelry, loud, soft, bright, dim, sparkly, shiny, expensive, cheap, cellphone, house phone, calling
Ring	worn on finger, symbolizes comitment, creates a bond, feels hard, feels cold
Ring	proposal, diamond, gold
Ring	is a circle, is a symbol of love, is never-ending, is an infants toy, is a flotation device, is a piece of jewelery.
Ring	a ring is a circle with a hollowed out center; generally a piece of jewelry worn on a finger made from precious metals such as gold, platinum, or silver which is meant to convey love; a symbol of love as a never beginning never ending emotion; a way to deduce the age of a tree by it's "rings"; ring is also used to mean arena for civilized combat originally for boxing but now also incorporates media sensationalized programs such as professional wrestling and MMA (even though the shape of the "rings" in these two are square and octagonal, respectively)
Ring	can be gold or sliver, a circle, worn on a finger, can be a symbol for engagement or marriage
Ring	engagement, promise, is meant to show feelings, is meant to show "unending love", circle, telephone ring lets you know someone is calling, 
Ring	a piece of jewelry someone would wear around their finger
Ring	Movie, marriage, wedding, love, diamond, big, Lord of the Rings
Ring	dinonds love happy forever
Ring	jewellery
Ring	class ring, engagement ring, wedding ring, usually on youu ring finger. promise ring.
Ring	worm, wedding, promises, diamonds, pretty, makes you finger green if its cheap, 4th finger, toe ring, scary movie
Ring	Circular, can be an object worn of a finger, toe, ears, nose, lip or bellybutton (or almost any area of body these days). symbol of eternity, exchanged at weddings and proposals. Given out for rewarding efforts such as championship games.
Ring	finger, marriage, promise, commitment
Ring	ring finger, shiny, carot, diamond, wedding band, decorative, meaningful, worn my people, any finger on hand, toe ring
Ring	something shiney, something expenceive, something very symbolic
Ring	a symbol of love and a commitment 
Ring	
Sad	unhappy, depressed, blue, despairing, weeping, troubled, down, gloomy, low, downcast, heartsick, grieved, bitter
Sad	frown, depressing, momentary, facial expression, as a result of something happening 
Sad	is an emotion, frowning, tears, lethargic feelings, pessimism, follows unhappy events
Sad	emotion, negitive, war, concequence, 
Sad	crying, losing a loved one, a break up, not going your way
Sad	Blue, depressed, alone, broken hearted, crying, pain, anger, break up, death, funeral, disappointments, unfortunate
Sad	gloomy, upset, mourning, crying, death, bummed out, bad circumstance
Sad	the emotion opposite of happy, to feel blue, many things can cause this, usually from another person, in need of a cure, usually obvious through facial expressions and body language
Sad	hopeless, cry, 
Sad	cry, loss of loved one, giving up something important, 
Sad	is a negative emotion, has a facial expression associated with it, indicates problems, causes people to cry
Sad	happy, depressed, hard times, guilty, tears, crying.
Sad	upset, disappointed, lathargic, frowning, let down
Sad	me, being unsucessful, grades, loosing someone, mood, bad
Sad	gloomy, upset for some reason, emotional
Sad	upset, not happy, crying, a fight, bad relationships, trust gone
Sad	down time in life, a feeling, opposite of happy, lonely
Sad	unhappy, crying, depressed, tears, blue, not enjoying oneself, many causes of saddness- death, fights, breakups, etc..
Sad	emotion, frowning, upset, crying, sorrow, opposite of happy, down in the dumps, the color blue
Sad	Opposite of happy, negative feeling, not in a good mood, 
Sad	is an emotion, similar to sorrow, is a feeling, the antonym is happy
Sad	depression, tears, stressful, unhappy, alone, funerals, failing, separation from loved ones
Sad	an emotion, a state of being, physical mood, depression
Sad	feeling of sorrow, unhappy, gloomy, miserable, depressed, down, crying, tears
Sad	crying, tears, emotional, hard to cheer up
Sad	is an emotion, provokes tears, happens when someone or something upsets us, needs comfort
Sad	an emotion, like depressed, caused by loss, is felt, is a physical feeling, is a mental state 
Sad	depressed, mopey, old
Sad	depressed, unsatisfied, something bad happened to you
Sad	upset, unhappy face, things could be better, loss of something, pregnant women do this
Sad	-depressed-
Sad	upset, unhappy, sometimes causes tears, depressed, opposite of happy, can be the result of an unexpected death or someone leaving, unexpected breakup
Sad	mood, crying, girls, drama, pain, upset, hurts.
Sad	everyone experiences it at times, tears, feeling down, not happy
Sad	upset, not happy, hurt, emotion, frown, crying, 
Sad	lonely, child, tears, frown, uphappy, death
Sad	is a frown, brings tears, occurs after death or other extreme situations, can cause depression
Sad	not happy, lonely, hurt, confused, lost, scared,
Sad	unhappy, feeling, cry, pouty face,depressed, hurt
Sad	when you got bad news
Sad	an emotion, something bad happened, occurs in people, a way to describe how you feel, 
Sad	it is an emotion, tears, people not getting their way, depression, death.
Sad	Mourning, pouting, unhappy, melancholy, nostalgia, blue, love, depression
Sad	lonely, feels cold, feels alone, looks blue, creates or created by depression, is an emotion, usually avoided
Sad	is an emotion, describes how people feel when something bad happens, makes people cry
Sad	is an emotion, is how you feel when something bad happens, is a frown.
Sad	An emotion; accompanied by disappointment or grief; usually follows anger or perpetuates anger; a general state for those with depression; usualy alleviated by mild to moderate pleasure or self indulgence; generally an acute state of mind.
Sad	an emotion, a feeling, upset, crying, tears, broken heart, loss
Sad	frowning, is an emotion, unhappy, related with tears, not pleasant 
Sad	a feeling, when someone feels blue or think of depressing memories or thoughts
Sad	Sad face, bad, crying, bad happenings and circumstances, unfortunate
Sad	tears, crying, depressed
Sad	lonelinesstears
Sad	tears, when something upsets you.
Sad	cry, cheated on, death, darkness, alone
Sad	an emotion, unhappy emotion, something you feel when things go wrong or someone dies.
Sad	Tears, Fear, Depression, Anger, Upset, Distrust
Sad	mood, look on your face, sad day, has a frown on his/hers face
Sad	an emotion, watching a fat guy run, being shot down by a girl, bad test score
Sad	not happy, not content, a low unhappy feeling
Sad	
Shoot	blast, fire, gun, hit, kill, open fire, trigger, injure, murder, set off
Shoot	aim gun and release bullet, injection of drugs or medicine 
Shoot	is an action, generally in reference to a gun, can shoot other things (i.e. -bows), generally associated with hunting or crimes
Shoot	gun, power, pain, hunting, aim, survival, target, game, camoflauge
Shoot	basketball, guns, ask a question
Shoot	gun,murder,basketball,ball,crime scene investigation,police,gun man,killer, dunk, projectile, catapult
Shoot	gun, cowboys, explosion, "it's a draw," crime, in East St. Louis, murder, 
Shoot	from a gun, shoot a question, where something is released from its resting state into action, loud, can be dangerous
Shoot	pull trigger on the gun
Shoot	to kill, to injure, to go hunting, to be in the Army
Shoot	done with guns, bows, and other weapons, also done with cameras and video cameras, is a setting in which photography is done
Shoot	guns, said when you mess up, crime
Shoot	to fire a gun at a person or animal, to play basketball
Shoot	deer, gun, bow, animals, arrow, bullet, deer season, scope, basketball
Shoot	to penetrate with a gun or something else
Shoot	when you are upset about something that happened, not happy, regretful
Shoot	gun, basket ball, ockey, paintball, lazer tag
Shoot	to pull a trigger of a gun, to injure or kill something or someone, an action used to hunt, an action used in sport
Shoot	bamboo, roasting marshmallows, roasing hotdogs, greens, plants growing, trees growing, the colors brown, green, and tan
Shoot	shot in basketball, shoot a gun, (aiming something at a target)
Shoot	what you do in a basketball game to score, what you do to a gun
Shoot	bang, rifles, wild game seasons, basketball, protection
Shoot	with a gun, a star, an expression,
Shoot	gun, kill, wound, bullet, trigger
Shoot	to shoot a gun, an expression of anger
Shoot	as a noun can refer to a laundry shoot or mail shoot, something you drop things down as a verb refers to the killing or wounding of something with a bullet or arrow
Shoot	a type of plant, straight, tall, bamboo grows in shoots, hollow, thin, strong
Shoot	to pull the trigger, to damage, to hurt, 
Shoot	gun, target, hunting
Shoot	guns, skeet and trap, hunting, video games focus around this a lot, dangerous, loud noise, smell of gun powder
Shoot	-to kill-to hunt-violence-loud-crime
Shoot	an expression, what you do with a gun or similar object, expression used through out some sports like basketball and soccer
Shoot	gun, kill, out, cops, hunting, the ball, basketball.
Shoot	to kill, hit, or wound with a weapon
Shoot	Guns, to harm a something or someone, pull trigger, 
Shoot	gun, dangerous, safety, target, orange (color)
Shoot	is taking away a life whether it's an animal's or another person, involves a gun, brings sadness to someone, harsh consequences
Shoot	guns, war, weapon, hurt, pain, blood, sadness, death, mourning
Shoot	gun, hunting, gang, killing, score in sports
Shoot	when you throw something
Shoot	something you do with a gun, to shoot a basketball, shoot bullets, 
Shoot	guns, war, bad, basketball, sports, scores.
Shoot	School shooting, archery, rifle, pistol, black powder, photography, profession, hobby
Shoot	action taken with a gun, smells like gunpowder, feels hot, sounds loud, 
Shoot	something you say when you drop something, using a gun
Shoot	a branch, a vine, a thing that comes of of bamboo.
Shoot	to fire, pull the trigger; a loud noise accompanied by the forceful expulsion of a bullet; a common substitute for the swear word Shit (which arose from British transport ships, when an item that required waterproofing would travel aboard ships, shit would be written on the side of the box for "ship high in transit"); generally a negative connotation that indiciates frustration or disappointment.
Shoot	a gun, a ball in a game, an arrow, used to score, used to kill
Shoot	baskets, gun, bow and arrow, hunting, phrase "oh shoot", 
Shoot	bullets being released from a gun, a basketball player trying to make a basket
Shoot	Gun, used to kill, good and bad people do this, a phrase used
Shoot	from a gun, kill, hunt
Shoot	bullet shot by gunviolence
Shoot	guns, war, towards someone/something, loud noise 
Shoot	guns, dice, gambling, murder, tunnel
Shoot	A phrase used by Mater in the pixar film "Cars". A southern American term used as an emphasis on surprise. Also what you do with a gun when the trigger is pulled or a rock when the slingshot is released.
Shoot	animals, expression, guns, violence, hatred, anger
Shoot	guns, basketball, aim, bullets, targets, animals, gun range
Shoot	you shoot guns, you shoot for target practice, its fun to shoot
Shoot	camera, photo shoot, guns
Shoot	
Shopping	buy, purchase, have fun, market, look for
Shopping	spending money on items, normally in a store, can occur online, can buy food, clothes, electronics, 
Shopping	is an action, involves lots of walking, spending money, carrying bags, get new things
Shopping	heartwarming, deals, bargans, sales, new clothes, new look, spending money, browsing, fitting rooms, discount, close out sale, tent sale
Shopping	spending money, hobby, a girls thing
Shopping	fashion,mall,groceries,shopping carts,shoes,credit card,books,shoes,clothes, online shopping, free shipping, coupons, girls, shops, boutiques
Shopping	is fun, is enjoyable, is expensive, can't be in excess, mostly done by girls, at a mall, in a store, for groceries, for clothing, for decoration
Shopping	the act of looking through products and purchasing some, tiring, expensive, done too much in my opinion, can be a hobby or done out of necessity
Shopping	spending money, buying stuff
Shopping	fun, can be expensive, spending time with friends, buying presents, Christmas, birthdays, "Black Friday", crowded, loud, 
Shopping	is expensive, is fun, can also be inexpensive (bargain hunting), is difficult, perpetuates consumerism, keeps capitalist economies strong, promotes technology, can lead to addiction and bankruptcy, provides necessary products to people
Shopping	best time ever, clothes, shoes, jewelry, money, expensive, cheap, lots of walking,
Shopping	spending money, making purchases, searching for a desired item, the descriptive word for a cart on wheels (shopping cart), buying gifts for others
Shopping	fun, clothes, deals, money, time, mall, stores, girls
Shopping	going to a mall/store and trying to find something you feel that you need or want
Shopping	victoria secret, plato's closet, target, food, clothes, fun, smiling, laughing, goodbye money
Shopping	money, girls, clothes, cars, lots of people, food
Shopping	to spend money, to buy food, clothing, or other personal items needed or wanted
Shopping	going to several stores, going to a grocery store, spending money, going out with the girls, fun, trying on clothes, checking out at the register, walking, people watching, purchacing goods, shopping carts, shopping bags
Shopping	clothes, money, stores, friends, outfits, mall
Shopping	money, clothes, groceries, home shopping, anything that you buy or purchase, fun, can be boring, more appealing for women
Shopping	expensive, fun, new clothes, time consuming, something to do with friends
Shopping	mall, built by man, contains stores, people go out to shop, 
Shopping	mall, money, purchasing of goods, store, supermarket, food, clothes
Shopping	expensive, clothes, games, electronics, appliances, addiction, credit cards
Shopping	the purchase of goods from stores, activity sometimes used as entertainment, usually associated with women
Shopping	buying, bartering, purchasing, done in stores, uses money, trading goods, consuming, transactions
Shopping	it is spending, it is expensive, it is exciting, it is purchasing
Shopping	money, clothes, purses, shoes
Shopping	girls love this, getting new things, spending money, around a lot of people
Shopping	-purchasing-spending-money-clothing
Shopping	enjoyed by a good portion of people while disliked by others, consists of buying items, looking for the perfect item, could be relaxing for some or hectic and stressful for others, gifts, necessities
Shopping	girls wants, guys dred, stuff, items, needs, wants. 
Shopping	mall, store, spending money on something to recieve it, clothes, food
Shopping	searching or browsing for items, done in stores, retail, can be done online
Shopping	clothes, money, grocery, expensive, 
Shopping	is a time killer, is enjoyable for women, involves spending money
Shopping	clothes, fun, the reason for having no money, shoes, way to spend time with friends
Shopping	expensive, mall , target, walmart, kohls, presents, gifts
Shopping	when you go to the mail and spend money
Shopping	something you do, at a mall or store, buy things, an action, something lots of girls do, is fun, can shop for food or clothes, a job, 
Shopping	new things, expensive, shopping centers, malls, can also buy larger, important things.
Shopping	Fun, friends, stores, clothes, online, tools, groceries, necessities, desires, money, income, business
Shopping	spending money, feels fun, sometimes creates debt, generally makes life better
Shopping	buying clothes, spending money, going to the mall
Shopping	is fun, is tiring, is expensive, is what you do at a store, is necessary, is how we spend money.
Shopping	a therapeutic exercise for women; browsing wares for something desirable to enhance aesthetic appearance of oneself or by association one's belongings or the necessary foodstuffs in which to prepare a meal; spending money (an equivalent standardized system of bartering) for goods.
Shopping	buying clothes, trying on clothes, carrying bags, walking all day, usually inside, 
Shopping	groceries, clothes, mall, is feminine, drains bank account
Shopping	my favorite thing to do, clothes, shoes, movies, wishful thinking, need money for, feel guilty afterwards for spending money i don't have. So much fun when you go with friends.
Shopping	Money, fun, men hate, women love, new things, new clothes, grocery shopping, expensive, guilt
Shopping	bags clothes fun walking
Shopping	women are known for their craze for shopping
Shopping	mall, money, clothes, stores, friends, mom, bags
Shopping	Is fun, you walk around, at a mall, stores, money, clothes, new, expensive, cheap, quality, brand names
Shopping	Women find enjoyment in it, so do men but is more associated with what women do. Involves the purchase of items from stores.
Shopping	clothes, Gucci, Prada, Nordstrom, Macy's
Shopping	money, clothes, shoes, hats, jackets, groceries, tools, appliances, home stuff, food
Shopping	its boring, i dont like it, guys do it quicker then girls
Shopping	purchasing, browsing, trying things on, Christmas presents, birthday, gifts, household items, going to the store
Shopping	
Slippery	wet, slick, oil, greasy, soapy
Slippery	wet, can cause someone to fall, moist
Slippery	something that is not easy to stand on, easy to slide around on, ice is an example
Slippery	smooth, slick, ice, clean floors, slick socks, or new shoes, waxed tile
Slippery	fall down, wet, ice, snow
Slippery	wet,floor,ice,oil,grease, slick, caution, polished, skating rink, banana, falling down, back pain, danger
Slippery	like a bathtub, like soap, dangerous, adjective, smooth, refers to surface, slip and fall, ice, ice skating
Slippery	a small amount of traction or friction, something that is wet or icy, can be a road or floor or a bar of soap for example
Slippery	wet, oily, fall pron,
Slippery	oil, cant be walked in, ice in the winter, water
Slippery	is dangerous, is wet, can cause accidents, can be cleaned up
Slippery	wet, slick, slippery floors make you fall.
Slippery	slick, unstable, wet, can cause you to fall
Slippery	wet, roads, when wet, slick, damp, water, floor
Slippery	slick, easy to trip or slide on
Slippery	water, bathroom floor, showers, rain
Slippery	wet, dangerous, shinny, cold, bannana
Slippery	usually smooth surfaces, hard to walk on, usually shiny like ice or metallic
Slippery	wet, freshly mopped floors, warning signs, ice, black ice, slipping, falling, skating, slick, sometimes unexpected, bathtubs, grippy socks prevent slipping
Slippery	wet, dangerous, fall, hurt
Slippery	is wet, can be dangerous, a warning
Slippery	ice, slime, wet concrete, 
Slippery	Water, liquids, smooth surface, falling down, ice.
Slippery	Wet, Dangerous, Loss grip, Slimy
Slippery	slick, hard to keep balance, caution, 
Slippery	slimy, hard to hold on to, difficult to walk on, smooth
Slippery	slick, wet, dangerous, smooth
Slippery	it is wet, it is slippery, slick to the touch, low friction, 
Slippery	road, rain, waxed floors, shiney floors
Slippery	wet, water, shiny floor, do not walk here, oily
Slippery	-Wet-fall-caution
Slippery	opposite of dry, wet, can cause one to fall or slide, can be dangerous and cause someone to get injured or in serious cases, die, soaked
Slippery	when wet, rain, storm, road.
Slippery	something that one can fall on, wet, sticky, floor
Slippery	Wet, hard to hold or stand on, 
Slippery	slide, icky, rain, children
Slippery	is wet, sometimes causes injury, happens after the rain or in new shoes
Slippery	wet, slip and slide, eels, kids, 
Slippery	ice, wet, cold, winter, accident prone, grease
Slippery	when something is wht
Slippery	is dangerous, can cause accidents, caused by spilling something, could be ice
Slippery	slopes, wet, water, rainy days, raincoats, slimy.
Slippery	Icey, smooth, wet, no friction, crash, ice skating, puddles
Slippery	smooth, ice, water, wax, dangerous
Slippery	hard to hold onto, soap, smooth and wet
Slippery	is what something is when it is wet, is slimy, is what a fish is, is what someone that is hard to catch is, is a feeling.
Slippery	the general adjective used to convey a high likelihood of falling because one's feet are not secure; the word is associated with such physical connotations as soaps, detergents, oil spills, etc. but also has internal connotations such as deceptive, illusive, difficult to pin down (whether in moral or political stance or physically), and enigmatic.
Slippery	wet, ice, 
Slippery	is caused by liquids, makes people fall or slide, slip-n-slide
Slippery	Wet area, possible sight of where i could fall
Slippery	Ice, cold, fun, bad when driving, snow
Slippery	wet, slimmy, fall
Slippery	slippery floormay lead to injury
Slippery	bubbles, water, ice, soapy, rain, snow, falling, ice skating
Slippery	ice, falling, swerving, wet, smooth, fish, okra
Slippery	slimy, something that can be unexpected and lubricated to cause easier friction amongst two objects.
Slippery	wet, caution, injury, water
Slippery	water, wet floors, falling, liquids on the floor
Slippery	fish, something thats not clean, icey, oily
Slippery	unstable, slick
Slippery	
Steal	abduct, take, blackmail, cheat, divert, embezzle, loot, housebreak, pirate, burglarize, snitch, shoplift
Steal	hard metal alloy, used to make many materials , silvery color
Steal	to take something without permission or the intent to return it, against the law (in most cases), morally wrong
Steal	strength, building, 1940's, skyscrapers, a main  element in construction
Steal	take whats not yours, illegal, rude
Steal	thief, lost and found, burglars, black masks, danger, locks, windows, broken doors, abduct, cheat, taking without permission, withdraw, bad
Steal	is morally wrong, is unlawful, is harmful, is a bad habbit, when you covet, an action, is a bad idea
Steal	to take something with out giving what is due to someone counting on it, immoral, intentional, selfish, "the five finger discount"
Steal	take with out permission,  take without paying for it
Steal	illegal, criminal,  to get something at a low price, 
Steal	is illegal, is wrong, is done to a person's property, is prosecutable in court, is punishable
Steal	crime, bad people, movies, car stealers, video surveillance.
Steal	to take something away without permission, to claim as one's own from someone else
Steal	money, items, bad thing, metal, silver, worth a lot, buildings
Steal	to take something that does'nt belong to you
Steal	target, mall, theft, jail, bail, money
Steal	aquire something, free, risky, jail time, bad conciuos
Steal	to rob, to take what is not yours, to take without permission, against the law, is immoral, is wrong
Steal	bargain, a deal, a sale, cheap clothes, cheap groceries, priced low, shopping, on a budget, money is tight
Steal	take with out paying, crime, dishonest, not right, 
Steal	a type of metal, is very strong, different types such as stainless steal
Steal	taking something that is not yours, rude, against the law, 
Steal	thievery, some people do it for the thrill, others do it to survive, taking something that is not yours
Steal	Illegal, Taking items, Theft, Crime, Rob, Swipe, Snatch
Steal	to take thats not yours, steal a base, wrong, illegal, 
Steal	to take something that doesn't belong to you, illegal, without permission, without the intension of returning, immoral, wrong
Steal	a god deal, a surprising price, easy
Steal	it is taking without permission, it is green with greed, it is wrong, 
Steal	Thief, rob, bank, money
Steal	walk away with, wrong, against what most people have been taught, criminal, many movies focus around this, fraud
Steal	-to take-
Steal	taking something that does not belong to you, obtaining something that is not rightfully yours, usually for your own benefit, morally wrong
Steal	bankrupty, took, neocliptoe, thugs, poor, expesive, pawn shop chop shop, bad, jail, cops.
Steal	to take without consent
Steal	to thieve, take something that does not belong to you
Steal	bad, theft, jail, times, money, death, scared, dangerous
Steal	is taking something that's not yours, is selfish, is unfair
Steal	or the act of taking things that do not belong to you
Steal	robber, shop lifting, theif, bad, wrong, illegal, unethical
Steal	when you take something that is not yours
Steal	hard, made of metal, used to build things, silver colored, something a bad person does, is punishable, 
Steal	wrong, shoplifters, merchandise, sneaky, quilt.
Steal	Possessions, things, objects, people, jail, consequences, jealousy, necessity
Steal	removes posession of, done by desperate people, usually victims are rich, creates not only material loss but emotional loss, deplorable conduct
Steal	silver, shiny, metal, hard, impenetrable
Steal	is what we do when we take something that doesn't belong to us, is buying something very cheap, is considered bad, is considered good.
Steal	to thieve; the taking of an object (or idea) that does not belong to you without permission; generally a criminal, but in some circumstances may be deemed justifiable depending on what is stolen and from whom (i.e., blueprints of nuclear warheads from an emerging tyrannical third world nation)
Steal	taking something without buying it, a crime, can go to jail
Steal	is illegal, thief, shoplifting, breaking and entering, taking something that doesn't belong to them
Steal	its against the law to take something that is not yours. morally wrong. never have or never will do it. there will be consequences to ones actions.
Steal	Bad, crime, bad neighborhoods, gas station, money, evil, guns, criminals, bad people
Steal	cold, grey, strong
Steal	bad to stealburglars and thievesstealing leads to punishment
Steal	when one person takes something when they aren't supposed to. People usually steal from stores.
Steal	food, cornerstore, jail, thief, poor, cops, crack pheens, streets, guns, drug dealers, street pharmacist 
Steal	To take something that does not belong to you. It is morally wrong but people do it all the time. It can be done with someone or something else knowing. Lawful charges can be made against a person for doing so. Usually involves unplessant consequenses.
Steal	illegal, bad, wrong, not right
Steal	take without paying, stealing money, bank robberies, gas stations, masks, guns, weapons
Steal	its bad, thieves do it, its mischivious
Steal	criminal, extremely bad, baseball-steal a base
Steal	
Uncommon	different, abnormal, exotic, few, rare, remarkable, strange, surprising, weird unusual, unique, unheard of, odd
Uncommon	not common, something rare, a collectable sometimes, something people search for, 
Uncommon	is not always seen, rare, interesting, 
Uncommon	unlikely, not the normal, against the grain
Uncommon	abnormal, something were not used to, not comfortable with, different 
Uncommon	weird, unique, old buildings, not natural, different, abnormal, disease, extraordinary, unusual, ghosts, aliens, new, rare
Uncommon	does not happen often, out of the ordinary, is surprising, uncalled for, unsuspected
Uncommon	rare, an event or feeling, pretty much anything can be uncommon, something that only happens on occasion, something particularly different than the norm
Uncommon	not common.  unique
Uncommon	not known, not used often, 
Uncommon	is not the most thought of, not likely to be guessed as an answer to a question, is unexpected, doesn't fit into norms
Uncommon	not likely, rare, unlikey
Uncommon	not the norm, something not seen very often, something not mainstream
Uncommon	no known, different, dont see it, un heard of
Uncommon	not the norm, something that is thought to be unusual by others
Uncommon	weird people, bad breath, guys with long hair, guys that shave their legs, bald dogs, men driving convertibles
Uncommon	rare occurance, doesnt happen alot, people not wasting 
Uncommon	unordinary, unique, not seen everyday
Uncommon	rare, opposite of common, unheard of, unusual, sometimes weird, sometimes strange, surprising, unexpected
Uncommon	not likey, probably not, low chances, 
Uncommon	not something you usually seen, not heard of, out of the ordinary
Uncommon	different, out of the ordinary, unique, something you don't see every day.
Uncommon	doesn't occur often, different, not see very much, not familiar.
Uncommon	not known, unusual, rare, out of the ordinary, abnormal, unfamiliar
Uncommon	not often seen, rare, unlikely that a certain event would happen
Uncommon	out of the ordinary, looked down upon from society sometimes, a symbol of change, unusual 
Uncommon	unusually, not normal, odd, rare, different
Uncommon	it is unusual, unseen, rare
Uncommon	idd, rare, disease
Uncommon	does not happen often, something once every blue moon
Uncommon	-unknown-not in the norm
Uncommon	weird, unheard of, not commonly seen or thought of, unique, unusual, not what a person is used to 
Uncommon	rare, never seen, supernatural.
Uncommon	unusual, not normal, doesnt happen often, rare, happens only occasion, not likely, not seen frequently
Uncommon	something that is not likely to occur, rare, 
Uncommon	common, people, unique 
Uncommon	is rare, is valueable, is exciting
Uncommon	not part of the norm, outcast of society, makes you feel on edge or judgemental
Uncommon	rare, abnormal, wierd, freaky, different.
Uncommon	different
Uncommon	no very many, don't see a lot, a meteor shower, something uncommon is usually special, few
Uncommon	not likely, weird, don't see it everyday, have to get used to it.
Uncommon	Rare, unique, extraordinary, weird, odd, unfamiliar
Uncommon	strange, feels different, hard to find, difficult to describe
Uncommon	not often found, rare
Uncommon	what is not usual, what happens infrequently.
Uncommon	atypical; deviates from the normal; has a general negative dissonation that is usually associated with prejudice; brings to mind an old adage, "what people do not know, they fear"; a new or innovative method of doing things (or thinking)
Uncommon	something weird, not often used, not often seen, rare
Uncommon	is rare, not seen every day, 
Uncommon	not used much, out of date, not popular
Uncommon	Weird, rare, odd, not everyone has, special
Uncommon	strange weird unconferatble
Uncommon	exceptional
Uncommon	rare, names, body features
Uncommon	rare, weird, different, cool, different
Uncommon	When something doesn't occur on a regular basis. This would vary from different situations and individuals.
Uncommon	rare, abnormal, special, unique
Uncommon	rapper, opposite of common, not all the time, against the norm
Uncommon	something unique, something rare, something that doesn't happen that often
Uncommon	not well known, confusing, not very often
Uncommon	
Weekend	relaxing, party, outing, mini vacation
Weekend	end of the week, relaxing, time to unwind, catch up on homework, hang with friends, sort time, thing people count down to every week 
Weekend	is a time, can be used to rest or do things that are too long to get done during the week, consist of two days
Weekend	the two days of rest from work and school, the time of relaxation to catch up on things you need to do
Weekend	saturday and sunday, fun days of the week, relax time, football
Weekend	party, fun, relaxing, sleeping, listening to music, reading, homework, laundry, watching movies, lazy, couch potato, party animal, crazy, boring
Weekend	consists of two days, is a chance to relax, is a nice break time, mini-vacation, part of the week, no school, time to work, time to go out
Weekend	yay! the end of the work/school week, used to relax, catch up, and have fun. saturday and sunday for most people
Weekend	party, relax, football,
Weekend	friday saturday and sunday, no work, church, relaxing, camping in the summer, football in the winter
Weekend	end of a week, can be 2 or 3 days, represents time to rest, is fun, is used to finish projects
Weekend	friday, saturday, sunday, relaxation, sleeping in, staying up late, fun, family time, no school, best part of the week, church on sunday
Weekend	the 2 days at the end of the regular Monday through Friday weekday, a time to relax, a time to retract from weekly responsibilities
Weekend	fun, happy, no school, relax, party
Weekend	the days after the week, what most people look forward to, days include friday through sunday
Weekend	parties, family, friends, relax, road trips, homework, studying, going home to st. charles
Weekend	boring, down time, relax, time with family
Weekend	fun, time to spend with friends and family, relaxing, short
Weekend	Saturday and Sunday, time to relax, days off of school, time to go out with friends, time to spend with family, days to sleep in, time to catch up on sleep, can be days off work
Weekend	Friday, Saturday, Sunday, off of school and work, fun, hang with family and friends, days to rest, travel, get house work done.
Weekend	fun, friday saturday and sunday, end of the week
Weekend	Fun, party, sleep, new experiences, homework, spending time with family and friends, resting, enjoying free time.
Weekend	Saturday and Sunday, free time, a break from stress, a time for fun, for homework.
Weekend	Saturday and Sunday, fun, relaxing time, parties, free, no work
Weekend	fun, break, relax
Weekend	the period from Friday evening to Sunday evening, used as a time for leisure or fun, used as a time to catch up on homework
Weekend	Saturday, Sunday, two days, beginning and end of week, vacation, free time, no work, no school
Weekend	is the end and the beginning, is amazing, is sleeping in
Weekend	Fun, family and friends, study
Weekend	what everyone looks forward to, time to relax, play golf, do work around the house, have a party and entertain people
Weekend	-End of week-break
Weekend	in most cases a two-day break, relaxation, time to get work done, fun time or quiet time, time with family or friends 
Weekend	freedom, no school, friends, fun.
Weekend	friday, saturday, sunday, people look forward to, days most people dont have to work or go to school
Weekend	Saturday and Sunday, time to relax, leisure time, recreation time
Weekend	family, happiness, relaxation, free time, church
Weekend	free of classes, sometimes stressful
Weekend	free time, get to sleep, church, seeing family and friends, catch up on homework, fun
Weekend	rest, no school, sleep in, day off, friday, saturday, sunday. homework
Weekend	saturday and sunday
Weekend	are fun, you have free time, comes after friday, consists of friday, saturday, and sunday, a break from school or work, a day off
Weekend	fun, parties, relax, catch up time, enjoyable, look forward to it.
Weekend	Fun, friends, home, homework, driving, sleeping, eating, plans, relaxing
Weekend	fun, excitement, looked forward to, generally enjoyable, sometimes bad decisions are made
Weekend	no school, fun, sleeping in
Weekend	is the end of the week, is a time for fun, is when we sleep in,when football games are played.
Weekend	a time of rest and relaxation; two days of the week where the alarm clock shouldn't be set; a time of freedom unfettered from the hassles of the workweek; Saturday and Sunday; usually a time to attend a religious gathering for an allotted amount of time in order to find guidance, community, and penance for committed transgressions; the days of the week most likely for a person to become inebriated; a loosening of personal responsibility.
Weekend	days for partying, days for visiting friends or family, used for sleeping in or relaxing
Weekend	is friday, saturday, sunday, is amazing, is a break from life, time to relax, is generally work free, no school  
Weekend	My favorite part of the week. A time to relax and watch tv or spend time with the family or catch up on homework
Weekend	Freedom, no school, being able to do anything, homework filled
Weekend	fun relax time family
Weekend	time for yourselffun with family and friends
Weekend	fun, party, dancing, going out, homework, relaxing, sleeping in, family time
Weekend	fun, friends, party, work, smoke, weed, dance, 
Weekend	Saturday and Sunday. Involves many activities and is usually a joyous time for people with a 9-5 monday to friday employment.
Weekend	fun, party, friends, beer
Weekend	relaxation, fun, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, church, traveling, sleeping
Weekend	a break from the week, time for enjoyment and relaxation, a time to get chores done
Weekend	the end off the week, shopping days or long work days
Weekend	
Zit	pimple, blemish, red marks, a sore, embarrassing, painful,  
Zit	build up of oil and dirt under the skin, can be unappealing, some people try to get rid of it by popping it
Zit	is a blemish, can be anywhere on body, caused by oil, puss filled, red with white or black top
Zit	discusting, whitehead, achne, proactive, teenagers, hormones, blackheads, red, swollen, puss
Zit	usually on the face, can be popped, unattractive, mostly teenagers, proactiv
Zit	pimples, ugly, distracting, annoying, face wash, taking a shower, washing your face, clarisil, cosmetics, acne, scars, red dots, blemishes, imperfection, conscious, abscess 
Zit	annoying, red, bump, fluid, scar, painful, big, on your face, blemish, hidden with make-up, nuissance
Zit	gross word for a blemish, white, dead blood cells, built up, pianful, eye sore, can be fixed with face wash or prescription, puberty causes the majority of them
Zit	pimple
Zit	blimish
Zit	is gross, indicates germs on skin, is painful, is red and sometimes white, contains pus, is predominant during adolescent years
Zit	pimple, gross, ugly, wash your face, get some zit cream
Zit	pimple, a spot of dirt trapped under the skin which makes it raised, full of pus
Zit	nasty, stressful, red, pop, bacteria, ugly
Zit	pimple, usually found one teenagers going through puberty
Zit	acne, gross, upset, bad mood, no confidence, pimple cream
Zit	pain, ooze, pop it, white spot, feels dirty
Zit	a blemish, pimple, may be popped, unattractive, makeup is used to cover them, cremes may rid of them, washing your face may lessen them
Zit	acne, puberty, red, unattractive, pimple, covers skin, can be few or many, can be controlled with medication, face wash, picking, scarring
Zit	face, pop, gross white head black head
Zit	is a pimple, filled with bacteria, can be anywhere on body, thought of as disgusting, known as acne, dermatologists help this problem
Zit	acne, gross, puberty, white in color, red in color, sometimes painful.
Zit	physical feature, makes people self-conscious, can be red, contains pus that can be white, a medical condition. 
Zit	pimple, white head, puss, nasty, pores, clogged, unattractive, stress
Zit	annoying, gross, common
Zit	caused by excess oil, appear as red inflamed area on skin, has white pus on inside, found more prevalent on teens, caused by trapped bacteria in pores, prevented by cleansing regularly 
Zit	a pimple, a sack of pus, forms on humans, caused by hormones, red, painful
Zit	pimple, dirt, needs popping, disgusting, red and white and black, 
Zit	Is on your body, dirty, painful, red, swollen
Zit	painful, red, sore, embarrasing
Zit	-bumps-facial cream
Zit	annoying, part of life, skin condition, worse for some more than others, can be a serious medical condition, mainly with teenagers because of puberty
Zit	ugly, nasty, white, pop, annoying, scares.
Zit	pimple, acne, can appear to be red, no one wants to have one
Zit	acne, caused by oils, can be treated, usually on adolescents,
Zit	middle school, unpleasant, red, bright, acne, adult acne, icky
Zit	is a stain on your face, is different sizes, can be hidden by makeup, occurs most often in teenagers, dirty
Zit	gross bump on your face, downside of being an adolescent 
Zit	red, pus, pop, bleed
Zit	what is on your face
Zit	is red or white, teenagers get, is filled with puss, are gross, is sensitive, on your face, 
Zit	teenagers, acne, whitehead, gross, dermatologist.
Zit	Painful, red, green, yellow, unsightly, gross
Zit	looks red, sometimes appears at inoprotune times, creates embarassment, usually poped, made from oily skin and dirt
Zit	acne, pimple, greasy, pop
Zit	is red, is an infection, is painful, is an eye sore, is something to be self concious about.
Zit	a cutaneous infection that presents as a small ring of red inflammed tissue located concentrically around a white head; the white being pus that is formed from the act of the immune system immunoglobulins negating a bacterial infection; a component of a common pubescent curse known as acne that generally occurs during secondary sexual development in both sexes.
Zit	mostly found on face, can be big or small, can be red, can be white, can be black, sometimes is painful or sore, has puss inside
Zit	caused by stress, adolescence, acne, blackhead, whitehead, pops, bleeds, gross
Zit	Stubborn puss pockets on your body, need to be popped, really show up when on your period, hard to cover up
Zit	Embarrassing, white heads, ugly, bumps
Zit	is red, painful, on the face, use soap
Zit	small skin inflammation
Zit	annoying, usually appear on your face, acne, hard to get rid of, red, circle, puberty
Zit	gross, red, pimple, acne, face, back
Zit	A painful and embarracing sore, usually on the face. Occurs mostly during adolecence but can continue into adult years. It is a build up of oily matter under the skin and usually is caused by dietary imballance and hormones.
Zit	pop, gross, pimple, oozing 
Zit	big, red, forehead, nose, face, cream, medicine, doctor, teenagers
Zit	beinging of cellulitis, its dirty, it can mean poor hygiene
Zit	an unfortunate thing that most everyone get. 
Zit	notes
