American	A melting pot, freedom, fat, stuck up,the best
American	is a person who is from the U.S, freedom, strong, friendly, proud, fat, not liked by a lot of countries.
American	Born in the United States
American	something or someone in america, cheesburger
American	somone who lives in America, something that describes America, a saying
American	is a person who is civil. A person who can represent the colors of red white and blue. A person who is proud of their country. 
American	is a person, lives in north america, lives in the united states, like red white and blue, free, united
American	citizen, person, human, family
American	to be born in american 
American	personality, country, 
American	a free individual with inalienable rights, human, lives in the United States(usually), symbol of freedom to the world, 
American	to be born or live in America, a patriot
American	football, beer, burgers, overweight, lazy
American	from the american continents, usually thought of as form the united states, national pride,
American	United States of America.  My country.  Stars and stripes.  Star spangled banner.  bald eagle.  red white and blue.  9/11.  
American	patriotic, football, freedom, democracy, United States, hot dogs, obesity, obama
American	stupid
American	patrioticfireworksfreedomsupport
American	United States, living in North america between Canada and Mexico, home of the free, 
American	USA, star spangle banner, diversity
American	United States, Patriotic, hot-dogs, 4th of July, George Washington, 
American	lives in America
American	Missouri, my family, military, war
American	person, flag
American	USA , free, choice
American	United States, Country, Red White and Blue
American	native or citizen of the United States of America, having characteristics similar to other people living in the US, sometimes a stereotype, supporting the troops, voting, 
American	Born in the United States of America.  
American	patriotic, north American, hard working, part of a democracy, various backgrounds
American	A citizen of the United States according to those living in the USA; considered a red neck; actually includes all those living in north and south America. 
American	living in america, or doing something that has been trademarked as being american such as eating apple pie or playing baseball 
American	democracy, government, community
American	red white and blue, united states, united, 50 states, pride, 
American	land of the free, freedom, Washington, 50 states, president, congress, democracy, politics,debates, the flag, JFK, twin towers, 911, immigrants
American	Patriotic, proud, bravery, red white & blue, citizen, home, soldiers
American	flagUnited Statescitizen 
American	a person (or thing!) from America, probably is a person who lives and drinks and breathes and feels emotions, probably but not always speaks English, is someone like me
American	USA, pride, the best, strong, diversity
American	from the United States and an identification with that country
American	member of the greatest country, lots of variations
American	me, flag, soldier, country, nationality, place, everyone wants to be one, pride
American	U.S.A, Patriotic, loves the fourth of july, fireworks
American	flag, people, red, blie, white, together
American	caucasian, USA, red white and blue, fireworks, fourth of july, 50 states, eagle, DC, mcdonalds, obese
American	A person who is born in America, or has taken a test to get American citizenship.
American	pride, flag, obesity, McDonalds, located in North America, rich, greedy, lazy, 
American	red, white, and blue, fourth of july, baseball, freedom, liberty, statue of liberty, 
American	a person that is born in the US 
American	united states of america, american english, american food
American	patriot of this great nation
American	is a United States citizen, has more rights of a citizen than many other countries, can be man or women.
American	big, fast cars, loud noises
American	freedom, south, north
American	United States, born in USA, usually Caucasian.
American	Describes citizenship of an individual, a certain type of food or language or culture that is prevalent in the United States of America, which is a country.
American	A person who is white, black, or yellow skinned. Ignorant, stuck up, rude, sometimes polite, and respectful. Being free and having rights. 
American	from america. democracy. apple pie. the land of the free and the home of the brave. statue of liberty. new york city. overweight. 
American	Red, White, and Blue, Government, democracy, freedom, war, rock and roll, soda pop, McDonald's, fast food, pie, fourth of July 
American	flag, red whtie and blue, apple pie, fourth of July, live in U.S.
American	citizen, united states, country, red, white, blue, flag, stars, stripes, star spangled banner, pledge of allegiance, president, congress, senate, freedom
American	
American	proud to be!
American	Any person that was born in North America or South America. People are of all different ethnicities, cultures, live in different regions in one of those countries.
American	many are proud to be an American; contains a lot of freedom; has 51 states; contains cities; contains towns; is culturally diverse, has diverse terrain; is cold and hot
Amount	the measure of how much of anything.
Amount	way to measure, can be large, can be small, desirable, undesirable, want a large amount when it is good and vice versa
Amount	The number of something
Amount	Is a judgment of how much.
Amount	how much of something, take account for
Amount	a desciption of how much, used with money, cooking, construction, pounds, ounces,
Amount	is how much, is a quantity, can be large or small. used to make judgments
Amount	money, more, how much?, 
Amount	how much you have of something
Amount	money, how many, wiegh
Amount	a certain number of something, a total numbers of things, people, etc.,
Amount	how much you have, what you have left
Amount	how much it is,
Amount	quantity, how much,  
Amount	bank account.  
Amount	budget, certain point, a quantity
Amount	made
Amount	moneytotal
Amount	total value, mathmatics, 
Amount	quantity
Amount	a measurement of something, a certain bit of something
Amount	small, large
Amount	money, food, gas
Amount	total, things added up, equals to, could be cash or things
Amount	Dollars, total, sum of all
Amount	the portion you have, the size of what you are talking about
Amount	a quantity, total number of items, can be counted, the addition of everything in a group, a sum, to add up, 
Amount	How much of something someone has.  
Amount	the value of something
Amount	a level of items that someone possesses; how much they have
Amount	how much of an object, usually referenced to time or money 
Amount	money, 
Amount	how much, weight, used for weighing, counting, and timing
Amount	the exact total, money, checkout, 
Amount	adding everything into a final total, usually associated with money but can also be associated with food or any other tangible object, scientists use it to study total organisms
Amount	math costmoney equation 
Amount	the cost, is what you have to pay for something, is how much of something you have
Amount	capacity
Amount	determines the answer to the question: "how many?"
Amount	how much there is
Amount	money, substance, how much of something you have, sum, total, quantity
Amount	Cash, total, money
Amount	money, numbers, finance, quanity, quality, account, measure
Amount	measurement, can be big or little, desriptive
Amount	How much of something that exisits
Amount	what something is worth, price, money, spending, 
Amount	price, how much, how many there is, how much someone owes or has to pay 
Amount	
Amount	quantity, number of things that you have, monye
Amount	a quantitiy of items
Amount	Large or small, a specific amount, can be something material and visable or internal.
Amount	little money, no future, no success
Amount	math, money, portion 
Amount	how much of something you have, cost of something.
Amount	A certain quantity of something, a specified portion
Amount	A specific measurement of something.
Amount	number of something. 
Amount	money, measuring, counting
Amount	number, moeny, time, anything you can calculate 
Amount	money, count, how many of things there are, accounting, banking, calculator, gray, math, boring, stressfull, savings, checking, expensive
Amount	dollar amount, total of something
Amount	number of
Amount	A number or weight that makes up an object. Can be a large number or weight or a small number or weight. Is determined by scales, directions for cooking, writing, running etc. It can be used to describe something that adds up.
Amount	money
Ape	a species of animal from which humans might have derived
Ape	is an animal, large, hairy, smart, somewhat like human, ugly, trees, long arms, short legs, strong, scary
Ape	Large monkey
Ape	An animal, has hands and feet like humans, is hairy, very protective.
Ape	a type of monkey, jungle creature, king of monkeys
Ape	a type of monkey, Larger, hairer, lives in forests, love banans, can live in zoo's 
Ape	is an animal, type of primate, hairy, ancient ancestors of humans, eat plants, like bananas, climbs trees, live in the rain forest
Ape	monkey, jungle, zoo
Ape	a monkey 
Ape	animal, mammal, huge, family, primate, bananas, 
Ape	a mammal, similar in shape to a human, hairy, dark in color, almost black, capable of swinging through trees, shuffles almost waddles when it walks, naturally lives in forests, has arms and legs, and has fingers and toes
Ape	animal, mammal, black coat, very large
Ape	primate, monkey, hairy, cousin
Ape	simian, monkey, in the jungle, uses tools  
Ape	monkey.  gorilla.  chimp.  what we evolved from.  planet of the apes great movie.  pitt state gorillas.  
Ape	monkey, gorilla, primate, savage, mammal
Ape	monkey
Ape	hairymonkeycrazy
Ape	primate, closest animal related to humans, large, hairy, zoo
Ape	monkeys but larger
Ape	large monkey like creature, endangered, family oriented, poached for money, protected, close to human DNA, black animals, protective of their family and females
Ape	evolution, trees, furry, intelligent
Ape	hairy, loud, Planet of the Apes, jungle
Ape	animal, could be big, aggresive
Ape	Monkey, zoo
Ape	monkey, chimp, lives in the forest, hairy
Ape	is a mammal, is a large primate, is black and furry, is a type of monkey, does not have a tail, lives in the jungle, compared to humans
Ape	In the same family as a monkey as a chimpanzee.  It is usually a big animal that has fur.
Ape	muscular, lives in forests, can be in a zoo, throws fecal matter, unintelligent person, mammal
Ape	a giant monkey; jane goodall studied them; kind of dangerous
Ape	a monkey, chimpanzee, gorilla 
Ape	my brother, hairy, 
Ape	a mammal that is closely related to us, is hairy, has black hair, facial features close to humans, strong, nice, mean, and lives in the wild or zoos.
Ape	is a type of monkey, hairy, big, human like,  
Ape	animal, associated with humans, hairy, found in the wild or in zoos, mammal
Ape	monkeyanimalzoo fur
Ape	is an animal, has hair, is usually black or brown, is wild and reckless, is crazy and wild, is a monkey without a tail, primate, makes me think of Tarzan, has opposible thumbs
Ape	monkey, gorilla, chimp
Ape	big monkey; Planet of the Apes; King Kong
Ape	aggressive animal, somewhat like humans, large and aggressive
Ape	big, monkey, movies, brown, primate, no tail, Godzilla, imitate, mimic
Ape	monkey, hairy, smelly, lives in zoo, loud, scary
Ape	monkey, big, hairy, ugly, strong, 
Ape	large monkey, gorillas, planet of the apes, black, big, strong, aggresive, tarzan, jungle, oragatans
Ape	a large monkey. Very strong, scary and dangerous 
Ape	an animal, part of the primate family, has fur, shares a lot of dna with human, crawls or walks, lives in a forrest or open land, usually found in zoo's
Ape	an animal, lives in the wild, also in zoos, hairy, can be dangerous,  very big, strong, tarzan 
Ape	an animal that a lot people think that humans came from
Ape	animal, monkey family, chimpanzee, gorilla
Ape	ancestor of human
Ape	A primate, an animal, varies in size, can be black or dark brown in color, may be found in wild areas or in some zoo areas.
Ape	zoo, monkey, homo sapiens
Ape	monkey, gorilla
Ape	monkey, large, powerful, resembles a human, believed to be part of evolution.
Ape	Monkey, primate, from whom many wrongfully speculate that human beings arose. 
Ape	Human-like animal, contains 90% or more of the same genetic structure of a human, and can give emotional and physical responses.
Ape	monkey. evolution. opposable thumbs. zoos. 
Ape	monkey, the Planet of the Apes, aggressive animals, Jan Goodall studied them
Ape	hairy, big, eats bananas, found at the zoo
Ape	monkey, gorilla, africa, brown, black, ugly, smelly, human-like, walks on two legs, big noses, nasty, the zoo, the forest, big feet, climbing, swinging from ropes
Ape	a animal, hairy, large
Ape	an animal, a big monkey, or to go crazy
Ape	Is the mammal most closely related to humans. They are usually dark, thick haird mammals. They may make loud sounds and can be aggressive. Live in the wild or in zoos. Intellectual creatures, can easily pick up on learning things. Have close connections with each other. Mother care for their young. May walk like humans. Usually eat leafy plants. 
Ape	may be our human ancestor; are hairy; walk on two legs and sometimes on four legs; are very smart
Begin	start, go, green light
Begin	start of something, hard, start, step, needed, 
Begin	Start
Begin	starting something, could be new.
Begin	to start, opposite of end, a verb
Begin	the start. the first chapter. To start again. 
Begin	is the start, commences, prompts, found in tests, found in schools, found in the workplace, found at races, used by plants, used by animals, used by people
Begin	start, finish, race, test
Begin	the start of something
Begin	start, beginning, new, 
Begin	to start something, to start a project of some kind, to bring together an idea and start action on it
Begin	to start
Begin	to start, 
Begin	to start, 
Begin	starting line.  begin testing.  
Begin	Start, new, refresh
Begin	first
Begin	startcompetititonattempt
Begin	to start, races, tests, 
Begin	the start of something, the opposite of end.
Begin	to start, in front, before
Begin	start, new, fresh
Begin	test, exam, SAT, ACT, timer, games, Olympics
Begin	to start, something new, the first step to finishing
Begin	To start, the very first
Begin	start, commence
Begin	to start, to initiate, to come into being, to take the first step, 
Begin	To start.  The opening or entrance of something.
Begin	to start, the entrance to something
Begin	the start of something; can be a race or something longer or shorter
Begin	to start something such as a project or a race
Begin	start, no turning back
Begin	opposite of end, starting point, 
Begin	to start, the process of completing something, to working
Begin	to start, usually associated with tests or reading, to start a new
Begin	start newbeginning 
Begin	is the start of something new, is exciting, is scary, means change, is a fresh start, can be scary, can be empowering
Begin	start
Begin	to start something
Begin	starting something new, the exciting part of life, a new chance
Begin	start of, first, come into existence, origin, arise
Begin	start, the start of something new, 
Begin	start, active, launch, activate, go 
Begin	start, square one, not finished, just beginning, last minute
Begin	The start of something new
Begin	pleading for something
Begin	to start, has not started yet, about to start
Begin	the start of something 
Begin	end, start, finsh
Begin	time=0
Begin	To start, to to forward, to attempt.
Begin	start, clean slate, embark on a journey
Begin	end, happy, new
Begin	start.
Begin	To start, to commence, the dawn of an event or idea or person or a life
Begin	Starting with nothing or something that will get you somewhere or no where at all.
Begin	start, beginning, 
Begin	a story, a book, the start of something sports, a game, life
Begin	to start, the first thing, 
Begin	start, go, a new life, refreshing, something new, exciting, scary, beging high school, begining college, starting the work world, getting married, starting a family, new job, new area of living
Begin	start, 
Begin	to start, at the front, has an ending
Begin	The start of something. The introduction, mentioning a topic or doing, creating something that was not there before. Usually caused by something or someone. 
Begin	not the end
Being	a humin, to be doing something, swagg
Being	pertaining to living, human, something that is alive, thriving, managing life thoughts, 
Being	human
Being	a state of emotion.
Being	a sense of evidence, someone doing something
Being	a thing....living
Being	is a living creature, moves, has organs, socializes, reproduces, found almost everywhere
Being	state of mind, how you are at the time
Being	a person that has life and lives on planet earth
Being	state of being, 
Being	to exist, to be a creation in life
Being	a person, something that has life
Being	alive, able, human being
Being	to exist, doing somthing,  
Being	wanted.  human being.  having a purpose.  being faithful.  being careful.  being responsible.  being respectful
Being	a live person, any human
Being	human
Being	being presentcomfortlivingthriving as a personcreature with life
Being	a identifiable human or animal, something that can move and function, something with a soul
Being	a part of
Being	existing, existence of a creature we have no name for,
Being	human, life, person
Being	Humans, life, happiness.
Being	human-being, something that you are or are about to be
Being	To exist in a flat stat
Being	you are or feel something, human beings
Being	a state of existence, a sense of "I am", living, the essence of an individual
Being	Welfare or living.  A human being is a living person.  Being something could be acting or feeling something.
Being	having life, 
Being	an entity; something in existence; has a conscience. 
Being	a human body 
Being	me
Being	a person's body, personality, or soul that lies within.
Being	is human, a person
Being	existing, living, thriving, being in a physical and mental state
Being	personality who you are
Being	a person, is alive, is unique, breathes, drinks, eats, has a family and (hopefully!) friends, loves, feels, thinks, touches, wishes, dreams, wants, hurts
Being	doing
Being	a human, a person
Being	a thing that lives, what we all are
Being	self, fact of existing, conscious, life, a living thing, something that exists
Being	human being, person, belonging to something
Being	continue, remain
Being	alive, living, humans, obstecles, happiness, sadness, life, living animals
Being	Living. Doing things with your life, making mistakes and just living life.
Being	living, human
Being	living, human, animal, any life form, breathing, calm
Being	a human being
Being	blah
Being	a state of existence
Being	A physical being, human, life-like, has feeling.
Being	alive, me, people
Being	self, person, human
Being	alive, humans, anything living.
Being	The state of existence or a 'human being'. Can be verb or noun. A being is usually something either living or supernatural, but not dead. 
Being	A person pretending to copy someone else, a person who is there.
Being	existing, there, able
Being	living, doing, breathing
Being	something alive, a mood, emotion 
Being	human being, being the person that you are, being true to yourself, happy
Being	human, living thing
Being	a person, a current state, well-being: good health 
Being	Associated with people "human beings," who are alive and in a state of mind. Associated with religion, an immortal being that is higher than a human, but unseen. Helps describe the state a person is acting out such as being sad, shy, fast.
Being	describes state of living
Computer	a machine consisted of multiple peices of hardware to make one system
Computer	is an object, futuristic, necessity nowadays, very useful tool, way to communicate
Computer	Internet
Computer	technology.
Computer	a robot, needed to operate internet, a hard drive
Computer	is a technological step to the future, Window's 7, PC, macbook, dell, emachines, toshiba, a storage of info, internet, laptop.
Computer	electronic appliance, made up of a screen, a keyboard, and mouse, used for the internet, used for games, used for academics, contains wires and other metal parts, made of plastic, makes a fan noise,generally rectangular in shape, used by a large percentage of the US
Computer	homework, facebook, twitter
Computer	a machine that electronically computes information when given it.
Computer	electronics, internet, games, helpful, fast, easy to use
Computer	is a piece of technology, uses electricity to run, capable of wireless communication, made of plastic, and electronics, used for many parts of life today
Computer	technology, appliance, network
Computer	electronic, internet, technology, life
Computer	uses electricity, has memory, calculates, internet, 
Computer	what i am typing on right now.  digital.  RAM.  computer games.  world of warcraft.  keyboard.  the sound of typing
Computer	technology, processing, CPU, monitors, wires, requires electricity,  stores memory, provides information
Computer	technology
Computer	technologyfacebookmousekeyboardInternet
Computer	internet, a designed object to communicate information to you, microsoft
Computer	technology, window, internet, webcam
Computer	communication, technology, notebook, Iphone, business, school, the future as well as now, 
Computer	tool, many parts, aggravating 
Computer	keyboard, typing, email, facebook, twitter, homework.
Computer	can type on it, has a screen, can have internet access
Computer	Typing, memory
Computer	search the web for information, send emails, play games, type papers, laptop or desktops
Computer	electronic device, stores and processes data and information, used by everyone, has access to the internet, can analyze data and sort numbers, controlled by a mouse or keyboard
Computer	A work of technology where people can get on to perform all sorts of tasks.
Computer	used every day, microsoft, used for almost everything now, used to take quizzes, has a keyboard
Computer	comunication device; machine; connects to internet; can be used for work or play; 
Computer	has a keyboard and screen, used to access the internet, play games, and store documents and pictures. 
Computer	connects us to the world, electronic, dangerous, social network, wow,
Computer	desk top, lab top, typing, screen, games, homework, studying, reports, essays, entertainment, music, work, school
Computer	is a machine, the internet, msn, dell, macs, pc, sony, asus, music, wifi, games, homework, email, google
Computer	technology, resourse for information, connection to the world, facebook, found in homes
Computer	typeresearch internetmouse 
Computer	technology, is a sign of advancement, uses electricity, is a relatively new advancement, has affected our culture a lot, most old people can't use them well, used for doing homework, used for wasting time when you should be doing your homework, used for communication, 
Computer	technology, smart
Computer	a device that betters peoples lives
Computer	device that makes life easier, consumer people
Computer	mac, pc, dell, windows, game, word, microsoft, class, used a lot, laptop
Computer	technology, macbook, toshiba, dell, keyboard, mouse, click, button, flat, printer,
Computer	internet, typing, google, help
Computer	electronic, awesome, helpful, great resource, complicated, many abilities, screen and key board, colorful screen, can be multiple colors
Computer	A device to help people with many things as in write papers, be on the internet, social networking
Computer	new technology, quick, smart, printer, keyboard, mouse, laptop, PC, Mac, internet, 
Computer	laptop, desktop, keyboard, mouse, located in most homes, the internet, microsoft word, dvd player, music player
Computer	something that everybody uses nowadays whether they know it or not 
Computer	sftware, hardware, computer chip, things to surf the internet, cyber communication, facebook, twitter
Computer	collection of transistors or portal to the internet
Computer	An electronic device that is used for personal work or for communication or for enjoyment. Comes in different sizes, colors, and with different features depending on the maker.
Computer	helpful, technology, future
Computer	lap top, desk top, daily life
Computer	square, internet, keyboard, used to communication, used for research, used for entertainment, many different types, can be portable, can be small or large.
Computer	Electronic device, mouse, keys, used to access the internet, used for word-processing software, integral part of our society, found in cars and phones and homes and workplaces, contains a plethora of information. Our society would fall apart without them. Much more accessible than 50 years ago. 
Computer	Stores and processes information.
Computer	technology. information, hi-tech, computations, social networking,  google
Computer	homework, the future, busy work, typing, only some truly understand it completely, young generations
Computer	electronic, internet, keyboard, mouse, monitor, applications, expensive 
Computer	internet, keyboard, flat, box-like, hard drive, social networks, typing, black, white, all sorts of colors now, laptops, screen, fun, entertaing, time consuming, chatting, emails, search engines
Computer	electronics, has a keyboard and a mouse and a monitor, many different uses, internet
Computer	a machine that seems to be hard to live without, a recent invention
Computer	A machine that has codes in it provided by a computer programer that allows the machines to compute, organize, filter and save data. It is like a brain of its own that does its own calculations to make things work properly. Can be the combination of the monitor, keyboard, mouse, hard drive, tower that make it all work together as one.
Computer	makes school work much easier; like this sona study
Criminal	a person who commited a crime, someone in jail, people who have diffrent ethical strandrards.
Criminal	is a person who goes against the law, killer, stealer, vandalizer, shady person, deserves jail time, not someone you want to be around
Criminal	Someone who broke the law
Criminal	killer.
Criminal	is unjust, unlawful, behind bars, arrested, gulty
Criminal	a person that has comitted an act of crime against the law, a person that has done wrong, mistrusted
Criminal	is a person, commits crimes, deviants, steals, kills, harms, betrays, lies, found in prisons
Criminal	bad, not good, jail, mean, 
Criminal	somebody that steals or murder people
Criminal	murderer, rapes, stealing, bribing, jail,
Criminal	a person, someone who has broken the law, hunted by police officers, does bad stuff, carries a gun normally, hurts people, attempts to avoid being held responsible for their actions
Criminal	bad person, thief, killer
Criminal	bad, crime struck, in trouble with the law, jail
Criminal	theft, murder, jail, arrested, tried, 
Criminal	criminal justice.  judge jury.  oj simpson.  jail.  death penalty.  cops and robbers
Criminal	crook, robber, prisoner, thug, gang member, murderer, fugitive
Criminal	mind
Criminal	bad- guylaw breakerlawyercourtjury
Criminal	someone who committed a crime, prison, jail, murder, stealing
Criminal	people who did bad things, jail
Criminal	a person who breaks laws, a villian, wrongdoer according to mans laws
Criminal	did wrong, mistake, prison, judge, court, jury, police
Criminal	Jail, crime, robbery, theft, judges, lawyers, jury
Criminal	someone who committed a crime
Criminal	Wrong doing, arrest, jail, prison
Criminal	someone who has broken the law, jail, prison
Criminal	someone who commits crimes, a felon, a bad person, sometimes lives in a prison cell, commits unlawful activity, gets in trouble by police, a guilty person
Criminal	Someone who commits a crime or wrongdoing.  
Criminal	commits crimes, can murder, can steal, commits fraud, intentionally deceives others, convicted of wrongdoings
Criminal	someone who has broken the law and been caught by police. 
Criminal	someone who does wrong according to the government, one who breaks the law and has prosecuted thus, a person who is found guilty of a crime
Criminal	breaking the law, bad person, evil
Criminal	someone who has broken the law by either stealing, hurting someone or something, or gone against society in another way.
Criminal	to break the law, jail, scary, dark, prison, guards, guns, drugs, killers, burglars, rapist, bad guys
Criminal	did something illegal to have title, usually found in jail or prision, people look down on them, orange jumpsuits or black and white jumpsuits
Criminal	prison thiefpolicebadmurder
Criminal	society frowns upon them, are bad, someone you probably shouldn't trust, hopefully you're not one, is a person who breaks a law, isn't necessarily a bad person because some laws are just stupid, isn't always caught
Criminal	bad person, steal, kill, mean
Criminal	one who has broken the law, has harmed others, and has been convicted of a crime
Criminal	someone who brakes the law, jail
Criminal	bad, jail, person, prison, court, break in, crime, law, lawyer, judge, dumb
Criminal	bad person, jail, 
Criminal	jail, killers,
Criminal	bad guy, jail, burglar, robber, kid napper, stealing, disobeying law, breaking rules
Criminal	someone who breaks the law
Criminal	everywhere, bad people, crimes, jail, police, courts, orange jump suits, hand cuffs, sirens,
Criminal	prison, life sentence, penalty, court, drugs, murder, robbery, guns, knives, police
Criminal	somebody or some offense that is against the law
Criminal	felon, law breaker, bad decision maker
Criminal	an individual who has broken the law
Criminal	Someone who has broken the law, bad, not to be trusted.
Criminal	bad person, thief, murderer
Criminal	Prison, bad, negligent 
Criminal	Someone that has commited a crime, often goes to jail, pays a fine, must attend court.
Criminal	Someone who has broken the law of the body of government in which they are, usually viewed as immoral and bad
Criminal	A person who neglects the law set by the government, a murderer, rapist, thief, and a sinner.
Criminal	rule breaker, jail, prison, probation, crime
Criminal	black dress, steeling, jail, murder, does bad things to other people
Criminal	jail, person doing a bad act, convicted, going against the rules 
Criminal	crimes, stealing, killing, sex offender, rude, cruel, mean, jail time, prison, court, locked up, orange, black and white, someone you cannot trust
Criminal	crime, jail,
Criminal	someone or something bad. a bad act. something that should not be repeated and may be punishable. 
Criminal	Commits a crime. Goes to court, if guilty pays for the crime by spending a certain amount of time in jail. Might be a dangerous person. Breaks a law that is enforced by society. Criminal can be any person who does an unlawful act. Might have to do community service hours. 
Criminal	mostly dislikes; some in jail; some are free; some have been released
Dependable	you can always count on, reliable
Dependable	is a characteristic,reliable, someone i can trust, on time, something or someone that will be there when you need them, works when you need it to work, good characteristic
Dependable	Reliable
Dependable	Is reliable, found in good workers, found in good friends.
Dependable	reliable, trustworthy
Dependable	a person or object you can rely on, trusting, economicly secure, honest, 
Dependable	able to rely on, trustworthy, a friend, finish things started, also not a noun
Dependable	man, parents, family, friends, 
Dependable	to be dependable is to be reliable at all times when ever somebody needs you or to do things on time
Dependable	humans, cars, toys, old, state of being
Dependable	can be counted on, is not flakey, always does what needs to be done, never lets you down, responsible, reliable, not a fair weather friend
Dependable	someone who is trustworthy, you can depend on, a person that can be counted on
Dependable	being reliable,
Dependable	reliable, friendly, helpful, accountable, 
Dependable	being able to rely on someone or something, usually someone who is responsible, a good leadership quality, someone that I could trust, something I look for in a teammate, in a friend.  
Dependable	can be counted on, responsible, hard working, respected
Dependable	honest
Dependable	accountable confidentresponsible
Dependable	reliable, always theyre, true friendship
Dependable	lenient, lovable, caring
Dependable	able to depend on, trustworthy, 
Dependable	family, friends
Dependable	friends, brothers, family, fraternity, girlfriend
Dependable	accountable, trustworthy, truthful, good timing
Dependable	Reliable, always available
Dependable	someone or something you can count on, there when you need it
Dependable	trustworthy and reliable, is sure and certain, describes someone who you can count on, 
Dependable	Reliable.  Something or someone you can count on is dependable.
Dependable	very constant with their reliable actions
Dependable	reliable; able to look at someone who will be there to help and follow through
Dependable	reliable and loyal 
Dependable	reliable, trustworthy, me, someone who does whats right
Dependable	reliable, count on, best friend, family, relatives, self, 
Dependable	is reliable, is a hard worker, does good work, stays till the job is done, does not quit, is on time
Dependable	loyal, trustworthy, good friends
Dependable	reliablealways theretrustworthy honest 
Dependable	is a person who you can trust, is trustable, is reliable,
Dependable	parents, means to lean on someone else
Dependable	can be counted on time and time again; consistent
Dependable	describes a person who gets stuff done, a trustworthy person, meets deadlines
Dependable	being able to rely on someone, always showing up
Dependable	trustworthy, best friend, smart 
Dependable	loyal, trust, honest, faithful, certain, true, always there
Dependable	being reliable, kind, always there for people, courteous
Dependable	trustworthy, loyal, someone you can count on.
Dependable	some thing you trust, don't use the word very often, always there when you need it, 
Dependable	reliable, trustworthy, 
Dependable	somebody that you can rely on to help you when you need it, any item that you know will not breakdown
Dependable	trustworthy
Dependable	Trustworthy, punctual
Dependable	Able to accomplish the task assigned or the task that was volunteered for. Very trustworthy, reliable.
Dependable	friends, relatives, pets, someone who cares for you, a good person
Dependable	People, work, responsible
Dependable	depending on someone or something, not being independent, must always have someone to depend on.
Dependable	Husband who can be trusted and upon who a wife can rely, consistent, reliable, good car, good friend, always there at the time appointed, doesn't back out at the last minute
Dependable	Being reliable, trustworthy, adaptable in almost every situation.
Dependable	able to be counted on. positive trait to possess. 
Dependable	a dog, a good friend, something or someone who will never let you down
Dependable	sturdy, strong, rely on
Dependable	reliable, trusting, working, will continue to work in the future, on time, doesnt bail out, you can count on them, arive on time, do what they are told, do what they tell you they are going to do
Dependable	reliable, can count on
Dependable	someone/something that can be relied on, trusthworthy, a friend, a vehicle, a machine
Dependable	someone or something may be reliable, trustworthy, honest. Do not have to be skeptical about the use of an object, or in confining in someone. there is confidence in the action or work of an object or a person.
Dependable	is capable by anyone; is 
Diamond	crushed rock that is compressed over thousands of years then mined. Love
Diamond	is a rock, pretty, desirable, ring, necklace, wristlist, anklet, jewelry, rare, 
Diamond	Valuable mineral
Diamond	ring, necklace, name of a person.
Diamond	type of jewelry, 4 corners, baseball infield
Diamond	is an object that can be shaped into many things, mined, expensve, madeinto jelewery, bracelets, rings, neclaces, ear rings, a girl's best friends, a jewel
Diamond	is found in the ground, made of carbon, hard, made into jewelry, shiny expensive, associated negatively with africa
Diamond	sparkle, pretty, expensive
Diamond	a piece of coal that has been under enough pressure ovve a long period of time to produce a transparent stone that is valuable in the eyes of humans. also the hardest substance known to man.
Diamond	jeweler, women, marriage, gift, underground
Diamond	a stone, solid, can cut glass, a mineral(i think), natural to earth not originally human made, pretty, used as a sign of wealth and love, given to others who you care about,
Diamond	a special piece of jewelry
Diamond	shiny, rock, expensive
Diamond	hard, valuable, expensive, sought after, envied, 
Diamond	Hard.  valuable.  comes from intense pressure from rocks.  womens best friend.  most valuable rock.  very rare.  karot.  
Diamond	forever, charcoal, rocks, clear, beautiful, magnificent, minerals, stone
Diamond	sharp
Diamond	indestructablesparkleyengagement
Diamond	africa, child labor, blood diamond, jewlery,
Diamond	very hard, beautiful, jewelery
Diamond	A crystal, jewel, hard, clear, expensive, used in jewelry, imported, typical for engagement rings, 
Diamond	strong, wealthy, love, cutting, construction, carbon, one molecule  
Diamond	hard, pretty, shiny, expensive, Blood Diamond, Trespass
Diamond	sparkely, exspensive, people wear them, they are in rings, they are in necklaces, they are in bracelets, they are in earrings
Diamond	Ring, sparkle,  beautiful , shape
Diamond	very hard substance, expensive or valuable, can be made into jewlrey
Diamond	made of carbon, formed at high pressure, precious stone, coveted by many, a symbol of engagement or marriage between two people, clear and colorless stone, shiny
Diamond	Considered  a girl's best friend".  The toughest rock of all that cannot be scratched.  Very expensive rock.
Diamond	hard, expensive, rare, gem, found in the earth, natural resource, 
Diamond	hardest rock; used in jewelry; cause of controversy in thrid world mining situations; clear and shiny
Diamond	a clear highly valued stone that is used in many wedding and engagement rings
Diamond	great value, rare, hard, wedding
Diamond	girls best friend, rock, beauty, sparkle, weddings, promises, necklaces, rings, bracelets, expensive, love, anniversary, present, christmas, birthday
Diamond	love, commitment, proposal, money, classy, expensive, cherished
Diamond	girls best friend, hard element, very vaulable, beautiful, sparkly, worn on rings bracelets earrings and pins, shows social class
Diamond	shiny expensivejewelry 
Diamond	is sparkly, is luxurious (thats why theres a diamond ring on the Luxury Tax space in Monopoly!), is put in jewelry a lot, is expensive, is used in saws too, is tough, comes from coal and pressure which leads to a lot of metaphors, is symbolic of wealth, according to the song is a girl's best friend 
Diamond	money, girl
Diamond	can be either the jewelry or a baseball field
Diamond	a precious stone, glimmers in light, shows love, causes bloodshed, very expensive
Diamond	expensive, clear, hard, sparkly, pretty, shape, baseball, rock, coal
Diamond	Alpha Delta Pi, Shane Company, Malls, Boyfriend, Best Friend, Engagment, Pretty, 
Diamond	girls, jewelry, clean, shine, rich, money, gem, ice, rock
Diamond	pretty, gorgeous, for girls, girls best friend, shiny, ADPI, beautiful, girly, diamond rings
Diamond	A precious gem
Diamond	expensive, found in the ground, rare, sparkly, clear, takes a long time to evolve underground, rich 
Diamond	engagement ring, earrings, necklaces, shiny, pretty, expensive, small, large, something beautiful
Diamond	a rock that is very valuable to people and is very hard
Diamond	is shiny, carbon dioxide, harder than anything, worth alot of money
Diamond	Hard stone formed by years of heat and pressure
Diamond	A valuable gem from the earth that is one of the toughest materials, often valued by women more than men.
Diamond	rich, clear, africa
Diamond	rock, rare, expensive, pretty, engagement
Diamond	is an object, a type of rock, worn as jewlery, shiny, can be different colors, given as gifts, used for marital engagements, can be cut into many different shapes.
Diamond	A 4-edged shape or a rock 
Diamond	Shiny, hard, costs a lot of money, for the rich people, mined in mines, rare.
Diamond	fancy. expensive. arkansas. rock.
Diamond	engagement ring, women love them, the are shinny, expensive, some are big and some are small, they come in carrots, love, marriage   
Diamond	shiny, expensive, ring, sharp edges, cut, clarity, carrot 
Diamond	sparkling, dazzling, beautiful, wedding ring, engagement ring, earings, expensive, karrits, silver, gold, platinum, bracelets, necklaces, special occasions, a girls best friend
Diamond	shiny,  expensive, many shapes of sizes
Diamond	unbreakable, shiny, tacky for women under forty (according to Holly Golightly), hard, jewel, valuable. 
Diamond	It is the hardest rock. Has several edges to it. Can be cut by laser. Shiny. Expensive. Comes in different sizes. Can be put on jewelry. Is of high value to many societies. Can be in different colors. It is only found by mining underground. 
Diamond	are very expensive; very hard to break
Drip	a drop of water, makes a noise that is light sounding
Drip	is an action, drip dry, faucet, shower, water, annoying, cave, water fall, 
Drip	Fall
Drip	water
Drip	water, sound, small, liquid
Drip	an annoying sound that can com from the fausets, a water leak, a drop of liquid.
Drip	is a drop of liquid, small, wet, falls, splashes, splatters, comes from a leaky pipe, used by artists, used for iv medicine
Drip	water, liquid, drip-drop
Drip	to let something continually leak 
Drip	water, facet, fall
Drip	a small trickle of liquid, like a drip from a water faucet
Drip	falling of water, a running faucet
Drip	water, drop
Drip	liquid, falling, annoying noise, causes irritation,
Drip	dripping water.  ripple effect.  hospital bed
Drip	drop, water, liquid, cave, wet, sweat
Drip	water
Drip	dipcandle waxsinkfaucet
Drip	a noise, something water does, description when something or someone is wet
Drip	raindrops, leaks
Drip	water drop falling one at a time, bits and peices
Drip	liquids, needs to be fixed, distilling
Drip	faucet, rain, gutters, leaks in a house
Drip	is a liquid, makes a noise
Drip	Faucet, water, 
Drip	small liquid substance, like a raindrop
Drip	a small drop of liquid, falls from a sink or faucet, water drips out of a faucet, small drops, falls slowly
Drip	When something, usually a liquid, drops off of something else like water from a faucet.
Drip	water from a faucet, 
Drip	drop of water; constantly over and over; can be used as torture
Drip	when liquid is slowly released in drops 
Drip	water leak, 
Drip	water, liquids, gas, sink, fridge, ice cream, wet bathing suits, wet dogs, wet hair, wet clothes
Drip	to leak, water, hose, sink, splash, pour out
Drip	is from a faucet or bowl, have to clean up after it, messy, from the ceiling
Drip	wetleaksoundwater
Drip	means your ceiling is probably leaking, is a sign of a leak, can cause sickness if somethigns dripping on you all night, is moist, can make mold, is used in IVs, 
Drip	water
Drip	what water does
Drip	falling out
Drip	let something fall, drops, liquid, sink, sound, trickle
Drip	wet, soaking wet, use a towel to stop
Drip	water, leak, rain, splash, 
Drip	liquid, falling, annoying noise, repetitive, wet, sink
Drip	a leak of liquid from a fosset or some sort of container holding liquid.
Drip	kitchen sink, shower, rain, usually some kind of liquid falling, 
Drip	water, some sort of liquid left over 
Drip	
Drip	water focet, shower head, out of a cup, out of your mouth
Drip	slowly falling liquid
Drip	A slow removal of fluid from one container to another location, often through a faucet or a tube.
Drip	water, can be very annoying, lead to a high water bill
Drip	Annoying, sink, tub, rain 
Drip	usually comes from liquids, can come from faucets, creates a "dripping" noise.
Drip	To fall slowly in liquid form, often described when something is leaking 
Drip	A drop of water, liquid that falls of a surface, an angular surface that drops water or a type of liquid.
Drip	facet, wasted water, sink, 
Drip	sinks drip, a mess can be created, irritating noise, children create messes by dripping things on them
Drip	ooze, faucet, water, rain
Drip	water, liquid, messy, annoying, wet, blood, drinking, slobbering, puddle, water fall, slippery, expensive, high water bill, cold, hot, southing sound, trouble
Drip	water leaking out of faucets
Drip	comes from a liquid, in a tear-like fashion
Drip	When a liquid is continually falling from something. Can take place in a leaky faucet, or a crack in a surface. Where ever a drip may be coming from, there is most likely heavy pressure from the liquid pressing down on a surface.
Drip	anything can be dripped on by an liquid
Faint	pass out, a light amount of something
Faint	is a measure of something, far away, hard to see, hard to hear, not clear.
Faint	slight or to pass out
Faint	not concious, just a little.
Faint	dizzy, light headed, to fall down unconsciouss
Faint	is something that makes a person feel like the walls are coming in and dizzy and soon they loose balance, soon they lose vision.
Faint	falling down, passing out, blackout, a way to equalize blood pressure to your brain
Faint	falling over, passing out
Faint	to pass/black out from not getting enough oxygen to someones head
Faint	fall, pass out, unconscious
Faint	to pass out, to feel dizzy, to feel nauseous, to be sick, hard to see, often seen when someone is sick or severly shocked
Faint	to fall or pass out
Faint	pass out, 
Faint	to pass out, fall, black out, 
Faint	heat stroke.  surprise.  dehydration.  weak.  light headed.  passed out.  
Faint	slight, faded, barely there, unable to see
Faint	unconscious 
Faint	funnyanorexichappens to me alot
Faint	nautious, light headed, passing out, 
Faint	not clear, not visible, blurry
Faint	to pass out suddenly, or only a minascule recollection
Faint	barely, fall down, exhausted 
Faint	seizures, falling down, heat, summertime, dehydration, hungry 
Faint	fall out, can be caused by certain things
Faint	Weak, not feeling well
Faint	black out or lose conciousness
Faint	very slight, barely there, not very noticeable, loss of consciousness, feeling light headed, to pass out, feeling weak or feeble, 
Faint	To pass out from.  Also, could be something from far away.
Faint	to pass out, very slight, 
Faint	a fall resulting from lack of oxygen flowing to the brain; can be a result of seeing something disturbing
Faint	passing out 
Faint	blur, hard to see, not much of a chance of happening
Faint	low, far away, noise, pass out, fall over, little, opposite of loud. 
Faint	to pass out, to fall down, hot flashes, feeling dizzy, light headed
Faint	falling down, unconscious, 
Faint	sick palelayingscarednervoushospital 
Faint	something you cant see well, something that is opaque, somethign that has faded away, almost gone,
Faint	passout, unconcious, lost of memory
Faint	to pass out associated with light-headedness
Faint	what can happen under bad situations, losing conscesness
Faint	pass out, not loud, not bright, slight, lacking something
Faint	pass out, urinate yourself, fall to the ground.
Faint	pass out, blur, weak, dizzy, pale, light-headed
Faint	falling, lossing conciousness, sick, hurt, light headed
Faint	To pass out.To not be able to see something very well. Like a very light color.
Faint	pass out, not having the slight clue, 
Faint	dim, not very bright, sunset, something that is very far away, a picture, feeling light headed 
Faint	people faint whenever they get scared
Faint	pass out, lose consciousness
Faint	loss of blood to the brain causing temporary loss of bodily control
Faint	Not extremely visable, lacking in color.
Faint	weak, tired, deprived
Faint	Soft, meek, quiet
Faint	to pass out, to become unconscious, to stop breathing for a period of time, can be caused by many different things.
Faint	Not very noticeable, soft, hard to perceive, must pay attention to notice
Faint	Collapsing, falling down, something that is dim, describing something with a slight smell.
Faint	hard to see, hard to detect, subtle
Faint	pass out, women often do this in movies or at concerts, not clear, fuzzy, far away
Faint	weak, small, soft
Faint	passout, dont feel good, unhealthy, somethings wrong, side affects, really quite, can barely hear it, in the background, noise
Faint	pass out
Faint	very light in appearance or feeling
Faint	May be caused by a person overheating, panic attacks, not eating, playing too hard not having circulation of the blood in the heart. Causes one to feel weak, black out, feel light headed. Unconscious state, a person is temporairly out of it.
Faint	i always faint when in the heat for a while and havnt eaten all day
Field	an open feild, a football feild, a catagory, something that contains like objects
Field	is an environment, somewhere to relax, open, games can be played, windy, green, sunny
Field	open piece of land
Field	of work, of study, where cows are, where crops are, outfield.
Field	an open area, a type of something
Field	open and spacious, full of straw, wheat, grain, plants, crops, wild flowers, animals, can be contained in by fences.
Field	is a piece of land, grassy, open, flat or hilly, mice live here, snakes live here, large, lack trees, created by nature
Field	baseball, football, work, business, soccer
Field	a place  to hold an event at. Sports, gatherings, or recreations can be held at a field. an open piece of land
Field	crops, sports, career path, different doctors
Field	a space of grass, green in appeaance, rectangular in shape, made up of dirt, and other grass, used for sports, farming and many other things
Field	football, soccer, grass or turf, where most outside sports take place
Field	corn, grass, run around in
Field	has grass, small animals, in nature, where you can hunt, 
Field	football field.  field hockey.  prairy.  grassy field.  farmland
Field	baseball, grass, many acres, terr
Field	study
Field	opencareerspacebaseballgrass
Field	large area of grass, hay or other things like that, football, baseball, soccer, 
Field	land, grassy, tree, nature
Field	nature of study or an actual plot of land used primarily for grazing livestock with little or no trees.
Field	sports, grass, turf, athletes 
Field	Corn, wheat, tractors, farmers
Field	grass, dirt
Field	Corn, hay, farmer
Field	large open space, grass, can play sports, farming field
Field	an open area of land, full of grass and weeds, lots of animals, lots of field mice, grazing animals, open plains, fertile soil
Field	A large area of landscape usually used to grow foods or play games in.  Could be a baseball field or a corn field.
Field	a place of play, used to farm, baseball, football, soccer, 
Field	an open space outside; usually grassy; could be used to grow crops
Field	a place used to play sports such as soccer, football, baseball, or lacrosse, usually green with predominantly white markings, made up of grass or AstroTurf  
Field	sports, football, soccer, farming
Field	games, grass, turf, playground, dogs, track
Field	an open area, baseball, grass, weeds, deer, kids
Field	grassy, serene, flowers, peaceful, fun to play in, bugs and animals inhabit it
Field	farmingopen corn dirttractorscombines
Field	where vegetables (or other things like wheat or fruits or just grass) grow, also where people take really dramatic and artistic pictures, animals can be raised there but instead theyre raised in barns and factories essentially, is fun to frolic through, is earthy and spacious, 
Field	sports, crops, studies
Field	a place where crops are grown or animals graze
Field	pleace to run around, sports
Field	baseball, football, job, career, sports, corn, vegetables, where stuff is grown, cows, horses
Field	soccer, run, sports
Field	baseball, soccer, football, sports
Field	baseball, football, soccer, sports, large, green, stands, fans, players
Field	I large area usually with long grasses and very flat.
Field	used to play sports, indoor or outdoor, made of grass and dirt, 
Field	baseball, soccer, baseball, sports, where they are played, flowers, farmers field, field to play games in 
Field	either something that crops or livestock is grown on, or somewhere that athletic teams play on
Field	plain, grains of wheat, endings of town names
Field	a large mono-characteristic area
Field	A wide expanse of space that varies in length, may contain large rocks, trees, flowers, bushes, animals, may have grass that is low cut enough for human beings to walk upon.
Field	football, play, hay
Field	cows, horses, baseball, football
Field	used for growing foods, usually in rural areas, used for livestock.
Field	Verb or noun, sports field, field of plants, field a ball
Field	Green, brown, white, barren, full of trees, full of life, full of animals, where plants are grown, produced, and reproduces.
Field	open land. like a baseball or soccer field. or a cotton field. 
Field	sports are played on them, food is grown in them, grass, corn, cutting a field of grass, flowers, nature, green
Field	grass, large in size, ground
Field	sports, green, soccer, football, cheerleading, fans, rush, thrill, lawnmowers, tall grass, crops, vegtables, food, cows, animals, hunting, 
Field	corn field, bean field, baseball field, soccer field, hay field
Field	an area of practice, whether it be professional, or a physical area of practice, as for sport usage
Field	May be a pasture for animals to graze or for crops to grow. Can be large or small, and in any region of a country. May be an area of play for different sports to play on; designed according to a sport's rule of play. May be an area of study a student will focus most of their school career on such as anthropology, education, medical, where they will attain a degree so they may teach in that field.
Field	can demonstrate field of study; can be used to play sports on; can contain grass; contain dirt; can be big; can be small
Girlfriend	sex, trust, love
Girlfriend	is a person you can trust most of the time, reliable, trustworthy, intimate, bestfriend, dating to see if you are compatible, helper, love
Girlfriend	girl in the relationship
Girlfriend	a friend that is a girl.
Girlfriend	a female spouse,part of a relationship, opposite of boyfriend
Girlfriend	is someone a person can confide in, a love, a friend, awesome, caring, helpful, can have flaws, judgmental
Girlfriend	female, romantic partner, paired with boyfriend, paired with girlfriend, generally universal term, comes before fiancee
Girlfriend	boyfriend, relationship, trust, love, 
Girlfriend	the girl who you are only with at one longted period of time
Girlfriend	girl, friend, smell good
Girlfriend	a partner to another, not as close of a relationship as a marriage, someone to spend time with and to learn if maybe there is reason to take a relationship further, more intimate than a friend
Girlfriend	a companion, someone you love/like, a real close friend
Girlfriend	girl, love,
Girlfriend	partner, romantic, relationship, caring, helpful, 
Girlfriend	loving and caring.  my girlfriend.  something i like to have around.  like to spend time with.  kissing.  hugging.  spending time with.
Girlfriend	relationship, nice, beautiful, time of your life, get to know her, gets old, sex, fights, break up
Girlfriend	mate
Girlfriend	 relationshipspotential fiancesignifigant others
Girlfriend	relationship, friendship, something that makes you happy or mad
Girlfriend	an girl whom the boy likes, relationship
Girlfriend	a female friend, a romantic female interest,
Girlfriend	time, love, affection, nagging, happiness, stimulation, passion
Girlfriend	Beautiful, love, happiness, marriage, family, children
Girlfriend	a girl, a friend, a female friend, could be a lover, could be a long-term friend
Girlfriend	Best friend, good laughs
Girlfriend	girl you date, spend a lot of time with, only girl you say you are with
Girlfriend	is a female companion is someone who one has a romantic relationship with, a woman's female friend, 
Girlfriend	A girl in a relationship with another person.  A girlfriend and boyfriend are together which means they are dating.
Girlfriend	takes your friends away, controlling, manipulative, acts as a ball and chain, gets jealous, female human, has a vagina, has breasts, 
Girlfriend	could be a significant other; could just be a friends that is a girl; someone who is by your side; someone who you have been through stuff with 
Girlfriend	a girl who is a friend, a significant other who is a girl
Girlfriend	money, time, sex
Girlfriend	other half, dates, movies, dinner, romance, happiness, love, proposal,
Girlfriend	is your lover, is important, sexy, attractive, nice sensitive, caring loving, real, always there, mate, companion
Girlfriend	Can be a female friend to a fellow female or a female companion to a male. Confide in them usually, helpful
Girlfriend	matefriendsbuddy
Girlfriend	is a girl dating somebody, probably has her dater buying things ofr her, probably likes to be treated well, is also a term of endearment
Girlfriend	best friend, love, sex
Girlfriend	a girl that you are dating
Girlfriend	a man's female partner, may become wife, usually a phase
Girlfriend	is a girl, makes you happy, faithful, honest, is pretty, nice, mature, spend a lot of time, spend a lot of money
Girlfriend	nice, trustworthy, happy, faithful, 
Girlfriend	boyfriend, love, kisses, hugs, girls, heartbroken
Girlfriend	someone you are affection with, more than just friends, you are dating them, care deeply for them
Girlfriend	A girl a guy chooses to date. They are in an "official" relationship not necessarily a very long lasting relationship, or too important or serious. 
Girlfriend	person, you care for more then a friend, a woman, 
Girlfriend	has a boyfriend, someone that is just a friend, caring, trustworthy, reliable
Girlfriend	a girl that is a significant other in your life  
Girlfriend	partner, best friend, beautiful girl, trusting, sexual partners, daughter to a husband
Girlfriend	woman whom an individual feels a strong attraction to
Girlfriend	A single female that shows affection for a particular male, or another female depending on sexual preference. Each individual has look to their body and personal choice in appearance. Personality may reflect the individual they are dating, or may not. 
Girlfriend	love, needy, care
Girlfriend	boyfriend, relationship, commitment
Girlfriend	intimate friend of a boy, name of a girl in a serious relationship, name of a friend that is a girl.
Girlfriend	Indicates posession and/or commitment, when girls use it can be in a platonic sense, most often used romantically
Girlfriend	A female who formed a relationship with a male.  Social interactions with a boyfriend, constant contact with each other, emotionally or physically attached with the boyfriend.
Girlfriend	can mean friend or relationship partner.
Girlfriend	Love, fun, compassion, companion, beauty, smarts, happiness, a woman that a man likes to spend time with and may some day marry if he loves her, sex, kissing, hugging, gifts, dates, money 
Girlfriend	relationships, companions, boyfriend, feelings 
Girlfriend	a man's significant other, a girls friend, a girls best friend, someone you can trust, have girl talk, have girls nights, shopping partners, the person a guy is faithful to, the person a guy gives himself to, you dont cheat on
Girlfriend	woman,partner 
Girlfriend	a person that can be relied on, a partner, a friendship, a bond, significant other
Girlfriend	A significant person with the XX chromosomes. A girl who is of higher status to another person. Relationship or bond is more personal, there is a different attitude generated towards or from this person that sets them apart from other friends. 
Girlfriend	bitchy; annoying; a nuisance; unnecessary; not taylor karhoff; 
Greed	money,gold, sin
Greed	is a feeling, not a desirable trait, most likely associated with objects or money, wanting more than you have
Greed	Taking too much
Greed	money hungry.
Greed	jealousy, to look back
Greed	is bad and can get out of hand, mainly busisness dealers, money and mistrust, can involve anyone who is rotten. 
Greed	is a trait, a want of more, unnecessary, excessive, deadly sin, is stereotypically had by businessmen
Greed	money, mean, too much, 
Greed	to become selfish over a particular item
Greed	money, rich, to much, not enough
Greed	to covet something that doesn't belong to you that you do not really need, want more of something this is required to live or be comftorable in your day to day life
Greed	money, power, succes
Greed	wants to much money, steal
Greed	envy, want more of something, 
Greed	One of the 7 deadly sins.  Wanting something of great value and willing to do anything to obtain it.  The color green comes to mind when i hear this word because thats the color of money.  
Greed	selfish, wants everything, unable to share
Greed	money
Greed	moneywealthjealousynarcissim
Greed	selfish, wanting everything to themself, never sharing
Greed	jealous
Greed	to be gluttonous, to be selfish, to not share out of one's own selfish desires,
Greed	want for more, unsatisfied
Greed	money, Wall Street, Republicans, rich people
Greed	greedy, always wanting more
Greed	Money
Greed	wanting more and more
Greed	desire for something, often associated with a desire for money or power, a feeling of need, can lead to negative consequences 
Greed	The selfishness to want everything for yourself.  To always ask for more.
Greed	wants all of something, can let an item get in the way of normal actions, greed can be good in the right context
Greed	a feeling of wanting everything selfishly; wanting more than you need; basically describes america; usually has to do with money
Greed	one of the seven deadly sins, wanting too much of something
Greed	capitalism, money, gold
Greed	lust, wanting, bad
Greed	doesn't spend money, has a lot of money, keeps trying to get more, never satisfied, rich, selfish
Greed	considered bad by many, exists throughout history, money
Greed	money selfish self absorbthief
Greed	is a bad thing, is a character flaw, means you like money, means you're probably selfish, means you sacrifice other things for money, is selfish
Greed	5 letters
Greed	wanting more and more; never being satisfied
Greed	taking more than you need
Greed	money, sin, excessive desire, rich, want a lot, wealth, lots of possessions 
Greed	seven deadly sin, selfish
Greed	stingy, scammers, money, healthy
Greed	concieded, money, wanting, greedy, unthankful, gluttony
Greed	to want more than you need
Greed	stab people in the back, usually want to have power, fame, or money. 
Greed	money, rich people, someone with many material items, someone working just for money  
Greed	when somebody wants something so badly that they risk other things for it
Greed	money, possesions that are worth alot of money, scrooge
Greed	all for me, none for you
Greed	Selfish, internal feeling, external action, hoarding, keeping to oneself, money can be the main focus or the adding factor depending on where the greed is directed.
Greed	money, looks like the color green, wall street
Greed	money, united states
Greed	money, selfish, keeping something for yourself, not sharing.
Greed	Selfishness, taking more of something than is needed for oneself, not sharing with others. 
Greed	Excessive wants, selfishness, inability to control one's wants.
Greed	money. evil. rich. war. 
Greed	money, mean, only cares for themselves
Greed	money hungry, selfish, instant gratification 
Greed	money, wealth, green, change, stealing, want everything for yourself, doesn't care about others, spends money on themselves, power, nasty, rude
Greed	selfish
Greed	a deadly sin, wanting more and more and never being satisfied
Greed	Unwilling to share what one has. Wanting to have everything they desire, or because somebody else has it. Not a healthy quality to have, may cause people to turn away from someone with greed.
Greed	Is capable by anyone; can be selfish; 
Loud	a tremendous noise
Loud	is a measure of sound, hurts ears sometimes, can hear clearly, 
Loud	volume is high
Loud	obnoxious
Loud	opposite to quiet, vocal, obnoxious, painful
Loud	an enormous amount of sound, a really big bang, or a comlimen on a gauty outfit. 
Loud	is a volume, high in power, above normal, created by sound, intense
Loud	speakers, music, quiet
Loud	something that is not quiet and produces a lot of decibles 
Loud	noise, annoying, disturbing, hurts ears.
Loud	a highly audible noise, hurts the eardrums or catches someone's attention, 
Loud	high pitch of noise, something very heavy in hearing
Loud	noisy, too much sound
Loud	lots of noise, like rock music, fills room with sound,
Loud	obnoxious.  
Loud	high amplitude, obnoxious
Loud	concert
Loud	chaoticobnoxious
Loud	noisy, banging, screaming, a noise that is not attractive to the ears
Loud	noisy, rock music, baby's cry, screaming, shouting, volume
Loud	excessive noise, flambouyant, bright, turned up, can be damaging to the ears
Loud	high decibels, gain attention
Loud	babies, birds, family get togethers, games
Loud	a lot of noise, might be annoying, could be music, can come from speakers, can come from people
Loud	Noise, concert, sound
Loud	high volume, noise
Loud	producing lots of noise, very audible, great volume, lots of sound, can become annoying, easily heard, shouting or screaming
Loud	Volume of a noise is high.  Noticeable.
Loud	an uncomfortable noise, overly rambunctious
Loud	high noise level; can hurt ears; measured in decibles; speakers at concerts, jet engines, etc
Loud	an unpleasant sound made so because of its increase volume, uncomfortable to the ears, listening to too many loud noises can cause one to go def
Loud	noisy, speakers
Loud	noise, music, high volume, complaints, party, screaming, children, cars, trains, concerts, stereo's
Loud	a strong noise, high pitched, ear piercing, ringing
Loud	can be annoying when constant, people or animals can be it, noise, multiple people or just one person can be it
Loud	noiseearshearingsingingmusicvolume
Loud	is annoying, makes your head hurt, isn't a good quality to have, makes people angry, can be necessary in some environments
Loud	noisy, annoying
Loud	opposite of quiet
Loud	extreme noises, come from people and things
Loud	music, crowds, basketball game, football game, boom, jet, motor, audible, hear
Loud	the band, laughing, yelling, screaming, 
Loud	people, nosie, girls, laughter, party
Loud	nosiy, annoying, not quiet, hurts hear drums, concerts, head phones
Loud	screaming, yelling, bangs, crashes. 
Loud	concert, person, annoying, headache, elevated noise, adrenaline rush, wake you up, alarm clock, 
Loud	concerts, music, television, construction work, fireworks, car crashes, parades
Loud	being really obnoxious 
Loud	noises, annoying sounds, new york city
Loud	relative term defining how many decibles a sound was
Loud	Not quiet, can be disruptive, more appropriate in an outdoor setting.
Loud	yelling, anger, mom
Loud	quiet, people, Streets
Loud	noisy, screaming, horns, yelling, instruments.
Loud	Sound, obnoxious, deafening, thunder, loud crowd, nature can be loud, rude roommate, music with a lot of base
Loud	A measurement of noise at high frequencies
Loud	above normal sound level. annoying. rock concert.
Loud	volume, screaming, yelling, holler, music, verbals, sound, crescendo 
Loud	noise, children, boom, things falling, thunder, concerts
Loud	noisy, obnoctious, concert, TV, radio, music, parties, head phones, ear muffs, ear plugs, hard to hear, fun, yelling, high pitches
Loud	screams, yelling, noise
Loud	above normal volume, obnoxious, people in my suite and in my hall
Loud	Noise that fills up a room. Can come from just about any action someone or something commits. People talking, a radio playing, somebody typing. Noise that may hurt the ear drum.
Loud	some people are loud; can come from a voice; can come from music; can come from animal; can come from our environment like thunder wind or lightening; can sometimes be controlled
Meaning	purpose of Life, reading a book, understanding a concept, question about something.
Meaning	is a way of measuring how something pertains to you, whether or not you care, sometimes need a sense of meaning to go through with something, want to have a sense of it in life.
Meaning	answer
Meaning	deffinition
Meaning	reasoning behind something, to have a reason
Meaning	the description of word, a metaphor, what a person is trying to explain.
Meaning	is a definition, describes, clarifies, explains, formed by words, used by people to understand, found in dictionaries
Meaning	words, teacher, test
Meaning	the definitons of different things
Meaning	to state something, 
Meaning	the point of something, the thought behind an object or an action
Meaning	the definition of, to describe something
Meaning	to know what it is about
Meaning	the concept behind something, its importance, 
Meaning	having a purpose in life.  the solution to a confusing problem.  expaining something to someone.  
Meaning	purpose, definition, life, cause
Meaning	point
Meaning	honestyreasonpurposeful
Meaning	the definition of a person place or thing, 
Meaning	the purpose
Meaning	an answer to, an explanation, purpose for, 
Meaning	definition 
Meaning	words, definition, life, bible, English class
Meaning	explaining what something is, a specific way something is said
Meaning	To conclude, to represent
Meaning	the defintion of something
Meaning	what is meant, what is intended, the significance of one's words or expressions, vital for communication, can be up for interpretation, 
Meaning	The value of something.  Meaning is why we do the things we do.
Meaning	the true description of something, what was intended, 
Meaning	what something conveys; could be a word or an action; what a dictionary describes for words
Meaning	understanding, definition 
Meaning	definition, defining a word of instance, why something is happening
Meaning	definition, purpose, the way a thing is, 
Meaning	the point of something, purpose, reason why, truth, why, answers
Meaning	when a person is speaking its not what they say its how they say it, defining of a word or phrase, translations
Meaning	definition comprehensive
Meaning	Is what somethign means, requires interpretation, is what a word means, is the definition, can be emotional or factional
Meaning	definition
Meaning	definition of something or the deeper truth
Meaning	what people live for
Meaning	what something means, language, what is intended to be, purpose, intention
Meaning	definition, 
Meaning	definition, define, explain
Meaning	sentimental, purpose, helpful
Meaning	the definition of what something is. Someone's opinion.
Meaning	the explanation of something, 
Meaning	sentimental, has value, book, movie, note, music
Meaning	the definition of something, or the way you precieve something  
Meaning	definition
Meaning	definition
Meaning	The value of a word, an object, or a person, to an individual.
Meaning	finding a solution, putting things together, symbolic nature of something
Meaning	Feeling, emotion
Meaning	the definition behind something, the purpose of something, the goal of something.
Meaning	The definition of something, the meaning of life, what is indicated or inferred by a thought or idea or behavior or life event. 
Meaning	Concept of something, structure of something, what something means.
Meaning	what is meant by something.
Meaning	complex, several things can have several meanings
Meaning	what something stands for, meaning of words, explanation, describing 
Meaning	the truth, what something means, what something is, far beyond what the eye can see, reading deep into something, understanding, knowledge
Meaning	definition of something
Meaning	what gives something its worth, what it is worth
Meaning	Word used to desbribe the definition of another word. This word gives purpose or value to another word, or to talk about an action a person might have done. 
Meaning	will describe a specific thing
Minimum	a small amount of something, the least amount of required
Minimum	is a measurement, not alot, can be wanted or unwanted, lowest, miniscule
Minimum	The lowest requirement
Minimum	the least amount of work to get by.
Minimum	opposite of maximum, least amount of something, a math term
Minimum	the least range of something, less.
Minimum	is an amount, the lowest, the smallest, used for measurement, used for comparison
Minimum	maximum, least, none
Minimum	the least amount of something you can have
Minimum	small, little, not much 
Minimum	The lowest amount that has to be given, normally an amount of money, or a downpayment
Minimum	small amount, not much, lowest possible
Minimum	lowest, wage
Minimum	the least amount, small, few, minuscule, short 
Minimum	low amount.  usually not a good place to be in
Minimum	least amount, less as possible
Minimum	small
Minimum	less than averagelwoest
Minimum	least total value, mathmatics, calculations
Minimum	lowest, smallest
Minimum	bare bottom amount, least you can do or get, opposite of maximum
Minimum	lowest possible, can only go up 
Minimum	gas tanks, low effort
Minimum	the smallest amount
Minimum	Less, not as much
Minimum	the least amount of something yu can have or do, very little or small
Minimum	the smallest amount possible, least quantity, smallest or lowest, opposite of maximum, tiny amount, least amount of effort exerted
Minimum	The lowest amount of something.
Minimum	the smallest amount possible 
Minimum	the least amount; the shortest or smallest; the absolute most necessary 
Minimum	doing the least amount, just doing what is required 
Minimum	less, opposite of maximum, doing enough to get by
Minimum	giving little effort, smallest amount, opposite of maximum, least possible
Minimum	to take away, to subtract, to have less of, to get rid of, to let go
Minimum	lowest amount required, try to achieve above it, heard a lot in schools and in the workplace
Minimum	least amountmath
Minimum	the bare minimum, is adequate but not exceptional, just what you need to get by, can be better, probably means youre not working your hardest, 
Minimum	low, least
Minimum	the lowest amount possible
Minimum	the smallest amount, usually not enough for greatness
Minimum	little, not very much, least amount of something, lowest, least quantity
Minimum	the least amount of something
Minimum	max, low, math, least, low, smallest, average
Minimum	least, littlest amount, not very much, small
Minimum	The smallest amount of whatever it is you are doing to do. like Minimum wage, that is legally the lowest wage that can be paid.
Minimum	the lowest of something, opposite of maximum, wage, score, 
Minimum	the least amount, the least effort, the lowest speed limit, least you have to pay 
Minimum	the least amount of something 
Minimum	lowest amount, not maximum, lowest number in a set
Minimum	lowest amount possible
Minimum	The lowest amount that will be taken. 
Minimum	least amount, school, wage
Minimum	Least, maximum
Minimum	lowest amount possible, smallest size possible.
Minimum	The smallest amount necessary, can be a mathematical term, used to describe the lesser end of a scale, adjective
Minimum	Low amount of value
Minimum	smallest amount one can get by with. 
Minimum	the lowest limit, small, tiny, few
Minimum	least amount, smallest number
Minimum	little, the least amount, the least you could do, lazy, dont want to try, minimal effort, cheap, best deal
Minimum	least amount expected, very little
Minimum	the least amount given, not very much effort
Minimum	The bare amount needed for something. Small, smallest number of something. Least amount of information expected on a paper, little to no effort given, farthest down something or someone may go.
Minimum	not maximum
Neighborhood	an area with houses, a community of people living by eachother
Neighborhood	place of living, can be big, many homes, friendly, sometimes hard to navigate, people living in them, fences, roads, 
Neighborhood	gathering of houses
Neighborhood	family oriented, good people, suburbs.
Neighborhood	place of residence, grouping of houses
Neighborhood	is full of people that live n the same street, live next/near each other, can form a watch group for stalkers, can do a group garag sale. 
Neighborhood	made up of houses, suburbs, section of similar homes, organized, subcategory of cities or towns
Neighborhood	friends, children, 
Neighborhood	a place where people live and enjoy their lives
Neighborhood	friend, enemy, annoying, loud, nice, helpful, 
Neighborhood	a place where people live, has houses in it, kids play in the street, houses are all close to each other and have yards in the fron all spaced around one central location, may have a neighborhood watch program, place where many families live and know each other, close to a town or located in a town in a residential area
Neighborhood	houses, cars, streets, coves, families, children
Neighborhood	nice, family oriented, friendly, place of living
Neighborhood	family friendly, home, suburb, safe, quiet, 
Neighborhood	neighborhood watch.  hermit.  big houses.  a lot of close together houses.  kids playing in the street.  something i lived in the first 13 years of my life
Neighborhood	Neighbors, community, friendly, people, subdivisions, houses, lawns, 
Neighborhood	community
Neighborhood	culd-e-saccommunitytogethernessNeighborhood watch
Neighborhood	the area where you live, people living around you, suburb, many houses
Neighborhood	people, friends, houses
Neighborhood	place you live, a community, an area surrounding your home, the people and places in your community
Neighborhood	houses, people, community, pride 
Neighborhood	houses, families, kids, pets, fences
Neighborhood	area of residence, different names, different populations
Neighborhood	Homes, people, safe
Neighborhood	community of houses
Neighborhood	a community, a group of people living in the same area, a group of houses in the same vicinity, a district sharing the same area to live
Neighborhood	A place where you and others live in.  It could be a group of houses next to each other.  It also can be the community you live in.
Neighborhood	a community of people, a group of homes, similar people working together
Neighborhood	a gathering of houses where one lives; can be a good neighborhood like in the suburbs or can be a bad one in the ghetto 
Neighborhood	where a group of homes are found in a small area, many neighborhoods bring about a sense of community to others
Neighborhood	community, America, kids playing, sports, 
Neighborhood	is a community of people who live in close proximity to one another or a place with multiple houses.
Neighborhood	an area for homes, streets houses, home, the sandlot, mailboxes, cars, kids, old people, dogs cats, pets, runners, light poles
Neighborhood	community, similar houses, people live in them, children play in them, block parties are thrown in them, sense of togetherness
Neighborhood	housescarschildren 
Neighborhood	is a good place, is comforting, is homely, is a nice place, has identical houses in a row with lots of mailboxes, is a place where people feel safe, can be scary if it's not your own, is a community
Neighborhood	houses, friends
Neighborhood	a group of houses linked together
Neighborhood	a place where people live, people bond here
Neighborhood	place where you live, people around you, neighbors, ghetto, high class
Neighborhood	Place to live, home, place to raise your children, safe zone, friendly place
Neighborhood	friendly, nosey, quiet, suburb, housesm trees, gardens, ghetto
Neighborhood	houses, families, animals, neighbors, friends, large, streets, stree signs, sidewalks, trees
Neighborhood	A large area with interconnected roads and houses on the roads. A place where people live.
Neighborhood	where you live, neighbors, growing up, your home-base, 
Neighborhood	where people live, houses, cars, children playing, sidewalks, mailboxes, different types of houses, trees, circles
Neighborhood	a certain place in a city where certain classes of people live
Neighborhood	families, husband and wife, communities
Neighborhood	group of houses along the same street
Neighborhood	An area where one lives, a particular span of houses and land that is on a street.
Neighborhood	safe haven, caring people, where you live, a community
Neighborhood	family, common, area, location 
Neighborhood	living space, contains many houses in a small area, contains streets and yards, often contains playgrounds or pools.
Neighborhood	A collection of residences in a given area in which a group of people life, often indicates a closeness within the people that live there. 
Neighborhood	A community of people or animals that live near each other, an ecosystem.
Neighborhood	houses grouped together. 
Neighborhood	people, friends, houses, a community, children, cars, families, bikes
Neighborhood	houses, neighbors, smal community, 
Neighborhood	where people live, familes live, children playing, safe environment, may contain pool, may contain playground, social bar bq's, big houses, small yards
Neighborhood	friends, houses,lots of people living around you
Neighborhood	a gathering of people in homes
Neighborhood	A street where there are a cluster of houses, or apartment complexes, or buildings close together where people live. In broad sense it may be what people might see their town as. Can be in the city, or suburbs. Some neighborhoods have yards for homes, where for other places it is just sidewalk. People who live in a neighborhood usually know each other and may have parties together.
Neighborhood	where people live
Neuron	a small particle in which attoms bond
Neuron	is a scientific object, confusing, pertaining to science, bonds with electron, make up elements
Neuron	small atom
Neuron	brain, senses
Neuron	synapse, receptors, transmitter
Neuron	is apart of science, Deals with cellular features, Found in the 1900's, apart of something huge, the center of a cell. 
Neuron	is a nerve cell, found all over the body, concentrated in the brain, electrical, communicates, signals, branches, dendrite, body, axon, make up nervous tissue
Neuron	brain, smart
Neuron	a cell that efects the way the body works
Neuron	science, brain, psychological, 
Neuron	a brain's function, something that is involved in the electrical processes of the brain, involved in bodily functions, extremely small, not visible to the eye
Neuron	a nerve cell, part of the nervous system
Neuron	part of a cell, biology
Neuron	small, part of an atom, neutral, weight  
Neuron	brain.  atom.  something scientific. 
Neuron	synapse, a network, a cell, dendrite, cell body, axon
Neuron	brain
Neuron	nucleusbraincell
Neuron	scientific word, small atom like things that help your body function
Neuron	sience
Neuron	transmitters for nerve axons, chemistry, nervous system,
Neuron	brain, fires, connections, synapses, thinking, electricity 
Neuron	Brain, electrons, protons, central nervous system
Neuron	impulse-conducting cell, unit of the nervous system
Neuron	Brain
Neuron	building blocks of nervous system, transmit messages through the body
Neuron	specialized cell that transmits nerve impulses, communication transporter between brain and other parts of the body, makes up the brain, spinal column, and nerves
Neuron	A scientific word that has to do with your cells and your brain.
Neuron	cells that transmit information, part of every living organism
Neuron	a nervous system cell; used to communicate between brain and body; uses electricity to coordinate movements and bodily functions
Neuron	part of a nerve cell that possess dendrites and axons 
Neuron	pulse, messages through body,
Neuron	feeling, nerve, impulse, axon, dendrite, 
Neuron	inside an atom, atom, electron, not positive nor negative, nucleus, cell 
Neuron	cells, brain, connection, thought processing
Neuron	atomssciencesmall 
Neuron	sends nerve impulses, scientific, helps you feel, part of your body, most people probably don't know what it is, causes cool things like physical feeling and reflexes,
Neuron	science, small, neutral
Neuron	science
Neuron	a scientific atom, very complicated
Neuron	science, brain, biology, anatomy, lots of, cell, specialized, axon, dendrites
Neuron	scientific, atoms, protons, 
Neuron	
Neuron	scientific, transmitters, psychology, nervous system, dentries, axons
Neuron	A very small receptor in your brain.
Neuron	cells, nucleus, positive and negative, microscopic, 
Neuron	science, atoms, chemistry, bons, the nervous system, the body 
Neuron	something that has to do with chemistry
Neuron	in the brain, the neervous system, controls parts of the body, feelings and sensations 
Neuron	stepping stones within the nervous system
Neuron	Deals with atoms, protons, electrons.
Neuron	science, chemistry, atoms, nuclear energy
Neuron	Atom, science
Neuron	part of the Nervous System, used for communication inside the body, thousands inside the body, used for everything we do.
Neuron	Brain cell that transmits information throughout the body - can be in the Central or Peripheral Nervous System, requires glucose to survive, can be myelinated or not, passes electrical and chemical signals 
Neuron	A transmitter in the human or animal brain.
Neuron	cell that transmits impulses. body. nerves. 
Neuron	science, atoms, electricity, nerds, people have neurons
Neuron	science, cell, nervous system, sensory neuron
Neuron	science, biology, sensitivity, axon, touch, receptors, dendrites, signals, the body, the brain, stringy
Neuron	cell, nervous system
Neuron	a psychological term, part of the chemical makeup of the body
Neuron	In all living creatures, responsible for transmitting information throughout the nervous system. Have a nucleus, can transmit information in chemical or electrical form. Have an axon, dendrites on the end and hold different characteristics.
Neuron	is contained in the nucleus of a cell
Obsession	a thing thought about to much. Someone acting upon a situation they shouldnt
Obsession	is a trait, OCD, greed, cant stop, drugs, alcohol, sex, need help
Obsession	Thinking about something to the point where it interferes with someones daily life
Obsession	stalking, constant.
Obsession	repulsive, clingy, stalker-like
Obsession	is a weird hobby,a sick admiration for something or someone, can become out of control and involve the law, many things/pictures/objects.
Obsession	is over-thinking, life consuming, focused, single thought, occurs in the psychologically disordered
Obsession	crazy, boys, music, cars, money, looking good
Obsession	to keep wanting something that you cant get enough of
Obsession	cant stop, disorder, 
Obsession	a single minded thought that overrides all other thoughts and pushes a person to the point of stupidity in the pursuit of it, an single minded effort, can be dangerous, almost scary at times,
Obsession	belongs to you, means alot to you, something you need to have
Obsession	clingy, attached, stalker
Obsession	care for somthing, out of control, fixation,  
Obsession	An intense feeling of need or wanting more of something.  Moving past simple desire.
Obsession	want, greed, need, must have, can't stop thinking about it, always on one's mind, constant though of somthing
Obsession	crazy
Obsession	stalkingco-dependant
Obsession	being controled by a single thought or idea, cant stop thinking about it, 
Obsession	too much wants
Obsession	to make something an extreme object of importance, too much emphasis put on something, an act, or someone
Obsession	love for something
Obsession	Lost, Prison Break, sports, school, learning
Obsession	addicted to something
Obsession	To be stuck
Obsession	feeling of something you cannot live without
Obsession	is an idea or thought, a state of being consumed in a person or feeling, something is always on one's mind, a constant want or desire
Obsession	To be crazy about something to the point where you always have it on your mind.
Obsession	to always think about, constant use, overly dedicated
Obsession	a refusal to let go of something mentally; constantly thinking about it; usually bad 
Obsession	devoting one's whole person to an object or idea
Obsession	want, need for material goods, unhealthy feelings towards a person
Obsession	loving something, to desire, to want something badly, continuously search, always need
Obsession	to value, to love, to cherish, to hold high, to worship
Obsession	compulsive, thinking about something a lot, typically humans have obsessions over celebrities or whatever is trendy, not able to think about anything else, similiar to addiction but not as severe.
Obsession	
Obsession	isn't a good thing to have, is like an addiction and addictions are things that people go to rehab for, isn't something people always get help for, can lead to a person doing crazy things, can be hard to control, can be hard to prevent, 
Obsession	love
Obsession	cant stop thinking about it
Obsession	having tunnel vision on a certain thing, causes pain, causes extreme success
Obsession	won't let something go, always thinking about it, women, sports
Obsession	creepy, stalker, in love with something or someone, 
Obsession	crazy, crave, attract, crush, facinate
Obsession	one tree hil, loving, cant let go, obsessing over, cant get enough, passionate about
Obsession	wanting something or someone so badly it comes in the way of a normal life. It could be following someone, overly protective or checking on someone too much.
Obsession	talk about it a lot, like it a lot, something you can not go without, most people usually have one, 
Obsession	drugs, alcohol, video games, facebook, twitter, food, tobacco, celebrities, weight
Obsession	when somebody likes something so much that they become obsessed 
Obsession	all you think about, do anything for it, won't let it go
Obsession	spending most of your time following something
Obsession	The inability to let an object, person, etc, go. To have an unsatisfied appetite.
Obsession	driven, desire, perfume
Obsession	running, crazy, compulsive
Obsession	constantly thinking about something, can be characterized by many pictures.
Obsession	To be overly consumed with something - can be an action, fear, thought, idea, or behavior. 
Obsession	Inability to forget something, overwhelmingly compulsive behavior towards wanting something, going in drastic measures to obtain something that is wanted by an animal or human.
Obsession	fixation on something, not being able to get one's mind off of something, unhealthy.
Obsession	crazed, loving, pinning, OCD
Obsession	liking something, an interest, uncontrolable
Obsession	psycho, wont leave you alone, knows everything about you, stalks you, shrines of you, follows you, keeps things you've used or worn, worships you, will do anything to be with you
Obsession	ideas, thoughts or feelings constantly felt or running threw head
Obsession	something that is consistently repeated or something that is very much so liked. 
Obsession	Being compulsive about something. Constantly doing the same routine or compulsively thinking about something. Hard to have control in containing it. Can be a disorder. Can disrupt someone's lifestyle. 
Obsession	capable by anyone; can create huge problems; may cause crimes
Park	a car, a recreation are, sit down
Park	is an environment,green, kids, running, bike trails, jungle gym, lakes, fishing, playing, excercise, picnic, baseball field, fun, 
Park	Place for people to be outside and do activities
Park	green, kids, play
Park	to place a car, an area of play, an area of community
Park	a playground or little forest with a pathway, own by the community that is open to th public.
Park	is a place of recreation, grassy, swings, slides, child friendly, fun, happy, usually colorful, contains a lot of plants, benches, used by children
Park	dogs, cats, animals, family, fun, sunny, warm
Park	is a place where people can go and enjoy the outdoors withihn the comfort of a neighborhood or city
Park	kids, play, climb, run, jump, tag, swing, 
Park	place where people go to relax, nice clean place, kids,go to play there, dogs are walked, has green rolling lawns with trees evenly spaced throughout it, a paved walkway is done around the exterior, play equipment is set up somewhere on it, normally placed somewhere in a city or close to a neighborhood, or on the edge of a town, pretty place where the area is landscaped and upkept to be clean and appealing
Park	playground, children, swings, slides, where you go to have fun
Park	nature, animals, trees, playground
Park	a place of nature, what you do to a car, 
Park	Central park.  
Park	recreation, has a lake, has open spaces, has playground equipment, has wildlife, has abundant vegetation, open spaces
Park	recreation
Park	carplaygroundstop
Park	local area to play, jungle gym, slides, swings
Park	cars, nature, tree, brids, playground, cement, 
Park	a site of protected land set aside to enjoy for leisure, or to stop your vehicle and turn it off
Park	place for fun, wildlife, playground 
Park	kids, playing, slides, sun, wood chips, monkey bars
Park	a playing area, have different things to play with, sports can be played there
Park	Relax, swings, play
Park	public area, lakes, playgrounds, fields, kids, animals, trees and other nature, being outside
Park	is a public area for recreation, to bring a vehicle to a stop and leave it, a piece of land set aside for public use, 
Park	A place that usually consists of grass, fields, playgrounds, and/or woods.  It can also be the verb in which a car parks or stops.
Park	a common asian last name, a place of play, generally filled with grass and trees
Park	a public place to enjoy nature usually; sometimes has a play ground for children; can be geared toward children; can also be geared toward nature
Park	a place where children go to play, equipped with slides, swings, and other play equipment, usually found out in the open or outdoors 
Park	green, kids playing, sand, picnics, fun
Park	children, playground, swings, slides, sand, cement, dogs, place where people play games, bikes
Park	grass, a public area, dogs, animals, trees, pools, swing sets, children, parents, slides, football fields, baseball, Frisbee, golf,fun, fresh air
Park	found in communities, recreation, fun for families, kids play in them, first date spot
Park	playflowerspeople 
Park	also fun to frolic through, probably has a lot of children, probably has a lot of geese too and geese are mean, hopefully has a playground if it's any good, makes me nostalgic of my childhood, is a place where people walk their dogs, probably has a pond of some sort, 
Park	car, lake, trailer
Park	place to go wear you can walk around, children can play or just chill
Park	a place to relax and play, nature
Park	fun, party, field trip, social gathering, public, slide, swings, football, baseball, cooking
Park	place to run, green grass, kids, playgrounds, soccer fields, tennis courts.
Park	outside, amusement parks, fun, joy, happy, playing
Park	dogs, grass, trees, rivers, walking, running, exercising, picnics, relaxing, benches, birds
Park	a place to visit maybe it will have trees, grass, a play ground, walking paths, a pond, and lots more.
Park	pet, children, races, running, screaming, laughter, place to enjoy the outdoors, Forrest Park, 
Park	jungle gym, swings, slide, pond, ducks, walking trails, trees, bugs
Park	a public place where people go to hang out or have picnics 
Park	dogs, animals, games, family fun, picnics
Park	large open, natural area for recreation
Park	An expanse of land that is used for play. Often contains equipment for children to use, benches, trails. May be large or small, local or for travel uses.
Park	play, outside, children, 
Park	bench, playground, geography
Park	used for recreational purposes, playing, kids, families, slides, games. 
Park	Can be noun or verb, one can park a car, one can go to a park to play on playground equipment, one can go to a park full of plants, one can park any other sort of vehicle. 
Park	A green field filled with activities and human crafted equipments. Full of dogs, or pets and people.
Park	where kids play. playgrounds, basketball hoops, tennis courts, ducks, tracks, baseball fields, benches, 
Park	slides, dogs, families, a sunny day, grass, people riding bikes or walking
Park	grass, trees, outdoors, picnics, riding bikes, walking dogs, reservations, lakes
Park	trees, bushes, green, flowers, sunshine, playgrounds, fun, walking, biking, maulch, sidewalks, kids playing, families, nature, hiking, blue, yellow, pools, animals, adventures
Park	playground, sandboxes, kids playing
Park	a place where people go to relax and enjoy themselves, or to be stopped or stalled and in one place
Park	A place outside that is available for the public to use for their own enjoyment following guidelines of the park. Some are free, some are places of attraction that cost money. 
Park	where children play
Planet	a gathering of a species, A water, air and land mass
Planet	large object in space, far away, floating, bright, cool, life on earth, 
Planet	Solar system. Earth
Planet	earth.
Planet	universe, sphere, has moons, studied by astronomy, NASA
Planet	is a round object in our solar system, it my contain life, gravity, atmospheric gases, Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Saturn, Jupiter, Pluto,  Uranus
Planet	a large mass of rock and gases, orbits star, spherical, have gravity, can contain life, found in space, made by nature
Planet	earth, need it to live
Planet	a rock like orbe that rotates a star
Planet	earth, mars, wood, water, Captan planet
Planet	is round, has structure to it, not gaseous, has a core, has an axis that it rotates on and spins on, a place that is sometimes habitable by humans, has dirt/soil, rock, and water maybe could be liquid, vapors, or frozen
Planet	earth, nine
Planet	rocks in space with land and or water
Planet	world, giant mass, has gravity, what we live on, eight in this solar system,
Planet	A large object that is suspended in space with its own gravitational pull.  earth is a planet, the only one that can support life in our galaxy, mars, jupiter, saturn, mercury, earth, venus, neptune, uranus.  astrology.  
Planet	earth, large mass in space, orbits the sun, lies in a solar system, have moons
Planet	earth
Planet	spacealiensmoonroundresources
Planet	universe, large object made of rock or gas, 
Planet	earth, mars, outerspace, moon 
Planet	earth, jupiter, mars, neptune, a place in our universe that may or may not be capable of sustaining lifeforms
Planet	large, cylindrical, elements, in space
Planet	solar system, earth, moons, astronauts, space ships
Planet	earth, there are different ones and something lives on all of them
Planet	Earth, science, space
Planet	earth
Planet	is a celestial body, moves in an elliptical orbit, orbits around a star, orbited by a moon or moons, is found in space, 
Planet	There are 8 planets in the solar system.  A planet is what earth is.
Planet	earth, Saturn...etc., some are gaseous, land, is usually round, orbits a sun, 
Planet	large rock or gaseous entity orbiting around another due to gravity; earth is an example
Planet	a significantly large mass floating in space
Planet	rock, what we live on, solar system
Planet	life, green, blue, water, land, human, animals, terrain, countries, solar system, sun, moon
Planet	a big land mass, mars, Jupiter, Earth, Saturn, Uranus, Pluto, Venus, Mercury, the moon, space, stars, Galaxy 
Planet	terrestrial or gaseous, found in space, can support life
Planet	sky spaceastronaut telescopestarsJupiterSaturn Pluto UranusNeptuneMarsVenus
Planet	is our home, there's a lot of them, is round, is in space, is enormous, is a space object, is a celestial body, can be made of gas or rock, earth is one, theres nine in our solar system, 
Planet	big, round, rotates, has life on it, water, dirt, gas, ice, hot, freezing, goes around a sun, solar system
Planet	one of 9 in the solar system
Planet	a round ball of mass, Earth
Planet	Earth, Venus, Neptune, Saturn, Jupiter, Mercury, Uranaus, big, telescope, sky
Planet	Jupiter, Mars, Earth , Pluto.
Planet	earth, water, plants
Planet	round, huge, in outer space, there are 9, differnt colors and sizes, only can live on one.
Planet	 A large mass of rock and many other things that forms a sphere. All the ones we know of orbit the sun. 
Planet	Mercury, Pluto (questionable), Venus, Earth, Mars, Uranus, Saturn, Jupiter, revolves around the sun, big round, usually has a moon, life on earth, solar system,
Planet	earth, saturn, pluto, solar system, moon, space, stars, astronaut
Planet	a place that has some sort of resource that is beneficial 
Planet	solar system. 9 planets, saturns rings, moons revolve, revolves arounf the sun
Planet	Large body orbiting a star
Planet	varies in size, varies in color, varies in distance from other planets, a few have been explored by man.
Planet	earth, life, water
Planet	Earth, mars, jupiter, Venus...
Planet	round, colorful, found in space, many different types, can have rings around it, can be habitable or inhabitable, contain many different species.
Planet	Large mass in the solar system, part of a galaxy, 8 or 9 in ours, Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Neptude, Uranus, and no longer Pluto I guess. Only one with life is Earth. Often speculated if there is extraterrestial life one these planets, so far there isn't any that can be proved. 
Planet	Stars, solar system, red, green, blue, yellow, black, the sun, has plants, microbes, living organisms, and a dessert. Has a round shape.
Planet	earth, home, land, air
Planet	Earth, solar system, the milky way, is Pluto a planet?
Planet	solar system, out in the universe, eight planets
Planet	solar system, earth, rings, blue, colorful, stars, sphere, round, water, land, lifeless, full of life, many layers, rotates on axis, revolves around sun
Planet	eight of them, all different sizes
Planet	a ginormous mass of solids or gasses in outer space that may or may not support life
Planet	A massive, round, larger than an asteroid rock, that orbits around the sun. Has its own gravitational pull? 
Planet	is in an orbit, orbit the sun, has moons, has temperature, has specific atmosphere, has life or doesnt have life, has color, is old in age, will eventually die of age, has stars, is studied by scientists, is studied in astronomy, 
Polish	finishing touch, shiny
Polish	is the way an object shines, pretty, wanted, shoes, jewelry, car, putting the finishing touch on something
Polish	Nail polish
Polish	for nails, for floors, when someone looks sharp.
Polish	refurbish, to clean, to make tidy
Polish	is some you can do to brass or wood, or a nail products, shiny, someting to enhance somethings look or apperance. to make a shoe look better, various colors.
Polish	shines, makes glossy, beautifies, shines shoes, buffs floors, colors nails, used by nail "technicians", used by decorators, waxy
Polish	nails, color, clean, proper
Polish	somebody who is from Poland
Polish	neutral, next to Germany, country, type of hot dog, dance
Polish	To shine something or brighten it to the point of it has a glossy exterior, to rub something, to clean something to where it is visibly appealing
Polish	to shine, used on shoes
Polish	shine, shoe
Polish	to shine, make brighter, make better, more valuable
Polish	bright, shiny.  furniture.  hardwood floor.  chore.  something I would do to my car.  reflection.  clean.  
Polish	clean up, wax, fingernails, shiny, new, slick, smooth
Polish	sausage
Polish	cleanneatspot-less
Polish	make something shiney, can polish many different things such as nails, teeth, silver, etc.
Polish	shine, clean
Polish	something used to shine something; such as nail polsih or car polish,: to fix something to make it presentable; such as a presentation or a term paper
Polish	people from Poland
Polish	shoes, boots, army, old wood, expensive
Polish	shine, can be put on nails, can be put on cars and shoes, used to make shine
Polish	Shiny, sparkly
Polish	make clean or shinny, people polish shoes, cars, furniture
Polish	to make smooth, to shine by rubbing, often associated with furniture, to create a slick surface
Polish	To make cleaner.  Something that can make cleaner.
Polish	to make shine, a type of sausage, people from Poland 
Polish	a substance used to make something shine when rubbed on it; usually black; used for shoes a lot 
Polish	to make something shine by cleaning it
Polish	shine, make new, 
Polish	someone who is from Poland or looks like they are from Poland. germany, invasion, deaths
Polish	to make shiny, shoes, guns, sparkle, make new, bright, restored
Polish	Nails, finished look, perfection
Polish	clean shinerubnails 
Polish	a person from poland, probably has a cool accent, is a person, is alive, lives and breathes and drinks and eats, has a family and friends, feels emotions, probably speaks Polish and does cool polish things
Polish	girls, nails
Polish	when an individual or their ancestors are from Poland
Polish	what women put on their nails
Polish	language, nationality, place, country
Polish	nail, car, make something better, 
Polish	shine, bright, glaze, gloss, wax, sheen, sparkle
Polish	nail polish, polishing a car, pretty colors, clean, shiny
Polish	What you do to make metals or shoes or other things shiny. 
Polish	nail, shoe, making something perfect, 
Polish	shiny, to make something look new, silver, shoes
Polish	
Polish	danish, dutch, british, sausage, polka dance, folk dance
Polish	an individual from poland
Polish	Varies in use, from nails to cars depending on type. May come in a large variety of colors.
Polish	sausage, typically stereotyped as slow, eastern europe
Polish	shine, finger nails
Polish	Poland, sausage, type of ethnicity.
Polish	Can be verb or noun. One can polish furniture, shoes, or nails. Or one can apply polish to any of the above. 
Polish	Something that has been waxed, perfected, people from Poland.
Polish	to make something dull shiny. shoes, fingernail polish.
Polish	nail polish, shine up something to look new
Polish	nail polish, polish wood, to finish, to perfect 
Polish	unsure of what it is, different descent?, different cultures, different foods, dont know much about them, are not from the united states
Polish	shine, nail polish,
Polish	something shiny, or something applied to another object to make it shiny, or to finish something- to 'polish' it up, and put the finishing touches on it
Polish	To clean, dust, shine something. Shoes, furniture are good examples. Can be applied to a person's behavior, they might want to polish-clean up, pick up change their behavior if they want to make an impression or good results to occur. 
Polish	
Remember	memories
Remember	is looking back to later memories, good thing sometimes and can also be bad, sometimes it is hard to recall, need it to be able to learn from past experiences,
Remember	To think of something from the past
Remember	recall, reminess, day dream.
Remember	opposite of forget, keep in mind, recall ability
Remember	thinking of the past, it can be long term or short term, a todo list of things. 
Remember	is to recall a memory, not a noun
Remember	thoughts, memory, secret
Remember	to recall information from the past
Remember	thinking, mind, thought
Remember	to recall a memory, remember past events, and information, what enables people to work and function in society, Alzhiemers the loss of memory,or the ablility to remember stuff
Remember	thoughts, to recall something, bring back to memory
Remember	knowing, recall
Remember	recall, learn, inform, 
Remember	remember the titans.  long term memory.  
Remember	brains ability to bring back occurences, things that happened already in ones life
Remember	memory
Remember	memoriesemotionsdaily activities
Remember	to not forget, studying, to recall, 
Remember	unforgotten
Remember	to recall, to think back, reminice, a memory your are pulling forth in your concience
Remember	memories, tests, tribute
Remember	mind, brain, memory, childhood
Remember	memories, to recall
Remember	A memory, the mind
Remember	not forgeting, something you hold on to 
Remember	to recall information, awareness of something in one's past, to keep in mind, to recollect an experience or an idea
Remember	To recall the past.  To recognize something that happened previously.
Remember	to recall a moment, put something in your mind to use in the future
Remember	a memory; can be good or bad; usually inportant
Remember	recalling a memory or concept
Remember	knowledge, studying,  
Remember	don't forget, reminders, sticky notes, calendars, alarms, dates, times
Remember	to retrieve later on, to pull out of ones mind, numbers, formulas, dates, important things
Remember	memories, cognitive, sensory
Remember	brain think memory 
Remember	requires memory, can be hard sometimes, people don't do it, can be short term, can be long term, can be good or bad, childhood memories, 
Remember	think, know
Remember	to recall a memory or information from the past
Remember	the act of retaining memories, holds our lives stories, brings and happiness and misery
Remember	recall, bad, retain, memory, think of, recollection, childhood, high school
Remember	the opposite of forget, past times, memories. 
Remember	memory, good times
Remember	memory, reminiscing, brain, thinking, happiness, memories, not forgetful
Remember	To recall something. As in to learn something and then later be able to restate what you learned. 
Remember	looking back on memories, usually in your mind, reminiscing, old times, 
Remember	to not forget, post it notes, calendars, planners, a date book, something that happened a long time ago, memory
Remember	to remember to do something is not forgetting 
Remember	never forget, have a good memory
Remember	store information in your mind
Remember	The act of recalling past information, recalling things from a short time or long time ago, recalling details that are important to the individual or to someone else.
Remember	moments of your childhood, the 5th of november, a good way of keeping memories alive
Remember	death, happy, sad, past
Remember	memory, brain, events, images.
Remember	To recall a thought, the opposite of forget, related to memory
Remember	The act of recalling something from previous experience.
Remember	to recall. memories. 
Remember	recall, childhood, instant thought of someone's actions or a possible task that needs to be done
Remember	memory, thoughts
Remember	thoughts, memories, short term, long term, horrible moments, best times of your life, forgetful, amnesia, good times, holidays, old friends names
Remember	reminder, note to self,
Remember	recalling, bring back to memory, imprint
Remember	Recalling information such as a story, a math problem, an event. Information that can be retained in the brain for a short period of time or a long period of time depending on how much the information means to that person. 
Remember	used by our brain; used for studying; sometimes voluntary; sometimes involuntary; capable by anyone to perform; exists in long term or short term; 
Talking	movement of mouth, people socializing, getting information across
Talking	way to communicate, nice, annoying, loud, soft, necessity of life.
Talking	conversing with other people
Talking	conversation.
Talking	a function of the mouth, language barrier, act of displaying words 
Talking	communication, a way of expressing a thought or feeling, textig taking onthe phone, cell phone, e-mail, dates, public speaking, casually with friends.
Talking	making words, form of communication, unacceptable during lecture, made up of sounds, uses voice, used by people
Talking	friends, party, family, phone, conversation
Talking	to produce words and speak to other people or to your self
Talking	noise, conversion, 
Talking	making audible and understandable noises with you voice, to speak, to converse in an underestanble way, to have communication between two individuals
Talking	to speak, use words, opening your mouth
Talking	speak, conversation
Talking	moving mouth, producing sound, communicating, spreading ideas, 
Talking	conversation.  way to communicate.  frowned upon while in the middle of class.  Mouth.  Oral communication.  
Talking	conversation, words, sentences, language, verbal, vocal, speeches, communication
Talking	words
Talking	listeningmannersprunuciation
Talking	communicating, languages, speaking words,
Talking	speaking, sounds, vocal, singing, screaming, 
Talking	art of articulating, sound out your mouth, comunicating,
Talking	words, communication, cultures
Talking	phones, texting, girls, serious talks, trouble, relationships
Talking	mouth opens, sounds come out, used to communicate, could be used in different languages
Talking	Chatter, communicate
Talking	communicating with one another, people can talk face to face, over the phone, on the computer
Talking	the act of speaking, to move one's mouth and produce words, to communicate verbally, to have a conversation
Talking	Chatting, gossiping, and chit-chat are all words used to describe talking.
Talking	words, can be in different languages, interacting with others, 
Talking	production of words and sounds into cohesive sentences; most common form of communication; humans only 
Talking	conversation or dialogue that is made aloud
Talking	communicating, fighting, yelling, happens with people
Talking	chit chat, blabbering, conversations, mouth movement, sound, stories, moments.
Talking	is a way to communicate, to open your mouth, words, sentences, to conversant, to chat, noise, lips, moving of the tongue 
Talking	what people do, what babies learn to do, conversation, how information is shared
Talking	mouthspeoplewordssound
Talking	can be annoying, is communication, can be friendly, causes problems, causes solutions, creates friendships, creates enemies
Talking	mouth, toungue, noice
Talking	speaking; can either with people or just to one's self
Talking	communicating with people around you, brings good and bad relationships between people
Talking	making words come out of your mouth, friends, colleagues, teachers, communication
Talking	communicating, socializing, meeting new people
Talking	girls, gossip, speaking, laughing, jokes
Talking	speaking, conversing, being social, people
Talking	having conversations with another person, animal yourself...
Talking	words coming out of someones mouth, having a conversation, a way to communicate, language, 
Talking	cell phone, home phones, conversations between friends, 
Talking	a conversation between two people that is the most common
Talking	conversatoin, speaking words, knowing sentences and how to put them together
Talking	words eminating from the mouth, usual with a coherent meaning
Talking	The act of oral communication between human beings, may be high pitched or low depending on the individuals body, words expressed are up to the individuals personal choice in the current situation.
Talking	disruptive, social, constantly going on
Talking	loud, communication
Talking	speaking, using vocal cords, communication.
Talking	The action of using the vocal cords to produce a noise out of the mouth that is used to communicate with other human beings. 
Talking	Words, speaking, listening to people, movement of the mouth, interacting, communicating.
Talking	community, relationships, used for communication
Talking	Communication, people, non-verbals, a relationship, greetings, comfort, love, happiness, debate, conversation, information being given, teaching, gossiping, kindness, hurtful words, cussing  
Talking	conversation, verbal, discussions, words out of someones mouth, communication
Talking	sweet talking, gossiping, whispering, yelling, highpitch, chit chat, talking with friends, talking with family, talking over lunch, intimate conversations, talking on the phone, emailing, instant messaging
Talking	conversation, voices
Talking	to communicate to one another 
Talking	A person is verbally speaking. they are using their lips, tongue, and teeth to form different sounds that come from the voice box. Talking is enabled by the vocal chords in the throat. Talking occurs in several languages and dialects. It can be harsh, quick, soft, flowy.
Talking	helps people communicate
Unemployment	GDP, economics, gthe number of people who are actually looking for a job
Unemployment	is a state of not working, no money, plenty of time, stressful, lazy, rely on other people
Unemployment	Not having a job.
Unemployment	no job, some money to get you by untill you can get another job.
Unemployment	not employeed, job-less, a common rate
Unemployment	Something that can occur in a good or bad way. Good: Time that helps you study during college. Bad: Getting fired and ashamed
Unemployment	categorizes people without jobs, brings no income, devastating, prevalent in the US, causes depression, causes stress, bad
Unemployment	get a job, no money, no place to go, broke, poor, useless
Unemployment	bieng broke with no money or ust down on your luck
Unemployment	jobless, no income, fired, have time
Unemployment	does not have a job, was either fired, or layed off, or quit their job, person could possibly be searching for a new job, mattering on how they lost thier previous job could be on welfare unemployment benefits
Unemployment	without work, not earning money
Unemployment	jobless, fired, quit, looking for a job, no money
Unemployment	without a job, national problem, need work, bad economy, 
Unemployment	Not having a job.  recieving disablility checks.  Not wanting to work.  Result of our messed up economy.  
Unemployment	results in no work, lower salary, frustration, less security, rising at alarming rates
Unemployment	poor
Unemployment	no financesstruggleno source of income
Unemployment	no money, bankrupt, debt,
Unemployment	no job, no income
Unemployment	state of being unemployed, jobless, without paying income from work
Unemployment	drive to succeed, hard times, loss of money
Unemployment	poor people, low economy, Obama
Unemployment	not working, not getting a pay check
Unemployment	Sad, scary, unknown, financial concerns
Unemployment	not having a job, getting fired, lack of money, recession
Unemployment	not having a job, not having a steady income, an economic problem in our country, makes living hard, being jobless,
Unemployment	Not having a job in which you get paid.  The percentage of people who aren't working jobs.
Unemployment	people living off the government, generally near 5%, no longer has a job in the workforce, 
Unemployment	a state of having no work; can be a result of being fired or layed off, or quitting; could be considered an allowance given to those with no job
Unemployment	lack of employment, not possessing a job
Unemployment	capitalism, free market, opposite of employed
Unemployment	jobless, in need of cash, in between jobs, laid off
Unemployment	to be without, jobless, no money, hunger, homeless, dirty, unreliable, worthless, fired, quit, irresponsible
Unemployment	lack of job, no income, searching for job, at home, independent
Unemployment	does not have a jobfiredwill not find a job
Unemployment	no job, lack of money, makes people sad, makes people depressed, is a social problem, means you dont have a job, is socially unacceptable
Unemployment	no job, many people 
Unemployment	not having a job can either be temporary or a problem based on the system
Unemployment	the act of not having a job, struggle
Unemployment	not employed, no job, stay at home, welfare, boring, no money
Unemployment	no college education, poor, lazy, 
Unemployment	no job, no money, hard life, 
Unemployment	not having a job, being a bum, not working, having no career, laziness
Unemployment	to not have a job. 
Unemployment	is a good thing, drug testing, law that helps out people who don't have a job, government, America, 
Unemployment	struggling, broke, upset, a majority of people, being fired, looking for another job, becoming less optimistic 
Unemployment	a situation that a lot of Americans are in nowadays
Unemployment	no job, college degree helps with this
Unemployment	not working
Unemployment	A certain amount that is able to be drawn from the government or a particular business due to being fired or leaving for a particular purpuse (disability).
Unemployment	depression, homeless, soup kitchen
Unemployment	11% , very high, negative
Unemployment	no job, receiving money from the government, poor.
Unemployment	Lacking a paying job, can receive unemployment pay and benefits in the US
Unemployment	Getting laid off from work, laziness, failure in their line of work, depression.
Unemployment	lack of job, layoffs, unemployment rate is high, low job growth rates
Unemployment	no money, depression, sadness, loneliness, only bad things happen
Unemployment	no work, no money, stressful 
Unemployment	no money, no job, layed off, company ran out of money, rough times, stressfull, lazy, doesn't want to get another job, cannot get another job, bad economy, homeless
Unemployment	no job, not earning money
Unemployment	without a job, due to the current economic state, millions of Americans
Unemployment	Means one is without a job, and looking to find a job. Someone does not receive pay checks. Causes people to be in distress. Can be caused by economic reasons, company is laying people off, job outlook is not growing.
Unemployment	very common in america right now; can 
Vegetable	a healthy snack, a body that cannot operate
Vegetable	is  a plant, healthy, taste good, crunchy, grows in soil, 
Vegetable	Healthy food
Vegetable	coma.
Vegetable	healthy, food, grown from ground, seasonal
Vegetable	is nutrious and a person eeds close to 4 cups of it daily, crrots, broccolii, peas, green beans, corn, cauliflower, cucumber, squash, it can be eaten raw oveooked. 
Vegetable	is a category of food, can be found on a farm, edible given to children by parents, contain essential nutrients, grow on vines, grow in the ground, made by nature, need sunlight, need water
Vegetable	healthy, nourish, good
Vegetable	the opposite of a fruit. vegetables are usually found growing from the ground and are what most salads are made off 
Vegetable	food, tomato, mostly green
Vegetable	from the food groupd, grown from the ground, they do not grow on trees, healthy for humans, any number of colors(green, yellow, purple, red, brown, etc.), normally attached to somehting green and/or leafy, they are edible, require water to survive,
Vegetable	spinach, brocoli, 
Vegetable	healthy, fresh, plants, just sitting there
Vegetable	healthy, green, grows on ground, tasty, important for your body
Vegetable	Green.  seen this before.  
Vegetable	grows in the ground, has minerals and vitamins, is good for your health, a person unable to use their brain
Vegetable	carrot
Vegetable	cucumberasparagusgardensfarmers
Vegetable	healthy, broccoli, tomato, delicious are grown, are ingreidents for many different foods
Vegetable	greens, healthy, things that grow from the ground
Vegetable	grow in nature, healthy, celery, cucumbers,lettuce, cabbage, potatoes: Vegans only eat these not meat products
Vegetable	good for you, colorful, bland
Vegetable	Green, healthy, broccoli, lettuce, cucumber
Vegetable	some may be green, good for the body, helps eyesight, may be tastey or nasty
Vegetable	Tomato celery, v8 juice, summertime, garden
Vegetable	a healthy food like a carrot
Vegetable	plant or part of a plant that is eaten, can be steamed, boiled, fried, baked, or eaten raw, loved by vegetarians, eaten by herbivores, can be accompanied by meat in a meal
Vegetable	Healthy food.
Vegetable	generally green, doesn't have seeds, grows in the ground, a main source of food, plural form is vegetables
Vegetable	a food that grows from the ground; usually healthy for you; sometimes green; INCLUDES TOMATOES
Vegetable	one of the six food groups, healthy and naturally made, usually colorful, always suggested by health professionals to eat daily
Vegetable	gross, healthy, green
Vegetable	kids worst nightmare, healthy, green, veggie tales tv show, broccoli, cauliflower, pees, green beans, corn, leaf, stem, root
Vegetable	green, healthy, gross, broccoli, carrots, salad
Vegetable	edible, healthy, good for you, found in kitches, good for cooking, children need lots of them
Vegetable	garden healthy rawcooked tomato 
Vegetable	is a person who doesn't and probably can't move, is a sad thing, if a person is a vegetable then they probably arent much of a person anymore, causes a lot of moral problems for doctors and such
Vegetable	healthy, diferent types, growns from ground
Vegetable	healthy foods such as those found in a salad or dinner items such as peas, corn, carrots, etc
Vegetable	green, groos, healthy food
Vegetable	food, cucumber, grows in gardens, eaten, not very good, healthy
Vegetable	healthy, carrots, squash, broccoli, potato, 
Vegetable	carrot, celery, green, orange, healthy, good, diet
Vegetable	healthy, grows, not very good, many different kinds
Vegetable	a plant. People eat this. It is usually green, red, yellow, and earthy colors. Usually grows from the ground.
Vegetable	healthy, ranch, grow in the ground, have seeds, usually colorful, there are a lot of them.
Vegetable	healthy, green beans, green, canned, frozen, fresh, found in a grocery store, grown on farms, served as a side dish
Vegetable	something that is grown from a seed that is eaten
Vegetable	tomato, brocholi, carrots, healthy for you
Vegetable	food
Vegetable	Varies in size, shape, color, taste. Can be found in an individual's garden or at a local store. Part of the food pyramid.
Vegetable	cucumber, green, nutritious
Vegetable	Green, good, healthy
Vegetable	healthy, grown in the ground, often green, contain essential nutrients, many different kinds, used to cook.
Vegetable	Healthy, plants, can be a range of colors, children often don't like them, necessary for proper nutrition, grown on a plant or in the ground. 
Vegetable	Healthy green, red, yellow, colors of a plant that give nutrients and vitamins essential to living organisms on Earth.
Vegetable	cucumbers, carrots, lettuce, onion, brussel sprouts.
Vegetable	brain dead, green, broccoli, many kids don't like veggies, nutrition 
Vegetable	healthy, carrots, cucumbers, corn, broccoli, nutrients, minerals, edible, grows in gardens, out of the ground, 
Vegetable	food, crops, potato, brown, green, yellow, corn, green beans, broccolli, healthy, yucky, steam, butter, cheese, in a vegtable state, on the death bed, cannot function
Vegetable	different colors and sizes, healthy, edible
Vegetable	a type of food that is essential for the body. Should take up more than a quarter of a human's intake of food per day. 
Vegetable	Food that may be consumed. Grown from the ground up. May not contain seeds. Healthy. Come in different shapes and sizes, different textures and taste. 
Vegetable	pasta
Vegetables	Multiple bodies that cannot operate, mulitple healthy snacks, seeds
Vegetables	is  a group of plants, healthy, taste good, crunchy, grows in soil, 
Vegetables	Good for the body.
Vegetables	healthy, all sorts of colors.
Vegetables	foods, healthy, grown from ground, seasonal
Vegetables	is nutrious and a person eeds close to 4 cups of it daily, crrots, broccolii, peas, green beans, corn, cauliflower, cucumber, squash, it can be eaten raw overcooked. more than one.
Vegetables	green, leafy, grown on farms, grow on vines, grow in the ground, contain essential nutrients, healthy, pushed on children to eat, made by nature, found in ratatouille
Vegetables	good, healthy, dietetic, 
Vegetables	more than one vegetable
Vegetables	food, healthy, disgusting, salads, 
Vegetables	a food group, grown from the ground, must have come from a stem of some sort, do not grow on trees, healthy for humans, can be any number of colors, normally attached to something green and leafy, are edible
Vegetables	corn, potatoes, healthy, grows
Vegetables	healthy, fresh, plants, just sitting there
Vegetables	healthy, good for you, tastes good,
Vegetables	Green.  Peas and carrots.  Not an ideal choice of meal.  Veggie tales.  gardening.  tomatoes.  healthy.  vegetarian.
Vegetables	grows in the ground, originates from a garden, sold in stores, good for ones health
Vegetables	green
Vegetables	healthynutritiouslittle kids worst enemy
Vegetables	healthy, delicious, plural, coming in more than one, is a variety of different plants
Vegetables	carrots, things that grow form the ground, what kids hate
Vegetables	garden, healthy, vegans, potatoes, celery, cucumbers, cabbage, squash...vitamins
Vegetables	good for you, colorful, bland
Vegetables	carrots, cucumbers, broccoli, peas
Vegetables	some may be green, good for the body, helps eyesight, may be tastey or nasty
Vegetables	Garden, food, to provide nourishment
Vegetables	healthy food such as corn, green beans, broccoli
Vegetables	plant or part of a plant that is eaten, can be steamed, boiled, fried, baked, or eaten raw, loved by vegetarians, eaten by herbivores, can be accompanied by meat in a meal
Vegetables	A food group that is recommended to be eaten daily.  Vegetables contain good vitamins and minerals to help your body.  Most vegetables grow from plants.
Vegetables	generally green, doesn't have seeds, grows in the ground, a main source of food
Vegetables	same as before; sometimes green; food that grows out of the ground
Vegetables	multiple vegetables, multiple healthy and naturally made food 
Vegetables	make you tall and strong, nasty, green, healthy
Vegetables	multiple, green, bad tasting, boiled, steamed
Vegetables	green, healthy, gross, broccoli, carrots, salad
Vegetables	edible, healthy, multi colored, good for you, found in kitchens
Vegetables	healthgreenfoodvitamins eat
Vegetables	grow in a garden or on a farm, kids don't like them, theyre usually green, most people dont eat enough of them, are edible, can go bad quickly, smell clean and fresh, feel cool usually, are being genetically engineered and sprayed with all kinds of gross herbicides and pesticides
Vegetables	healthy
Vegetables	healthy foods such as those found in a salad or dinner items such as peas, corn, carrots, etc
Vegetables	green, gross food, very healthy
Vegetables	food, cucumber, grows in gardens, eaten, not very good, healthy
Vegetables	carrots, squash, broccoli, potato, green bean, lima beans, healthy, give you strong bones,
Vegetables	green, carrots, salad, peas, lettuce, celery
Vegetables	healthy, more than one vegetable, colorful
Vegetables	plants usually grown in the ground, and they are usually earthy colors
Vegetables	healthy, ranch, grow in the ground, have seeds, usually colorful, there are a lot of them.
Vegetables	green beans, carrots, corn, cucumber, spinach, broccoli, healthy, can come canned, can come fresh, can come frozen, can be steamed, cooked, can be eaten raw 
Vegetables	something that is grown from a seed that is eaten
Vegetables	tomatos, carrots, food that is good for you, 
Vegetables	food group
Vegetables	The things that our parents say are good for us, come in all sizes, shapes, colors, and tend to vary in taste as well. Grown from the ground, may be obtained through personal gardening or from a local store.
Vegetables	make a lovely salad, varying flavors, satisfying
Vegetables	Good, green, vegetarian
Vegetables	are grown, are healthy, many are green, many different types, should be eaten often, often used in soups and salads.
Vegetables	Healthy, plants, can be a range of colors, children often don't like them, necessary for proper nutrition, grown on a plant or in the ground. 
Vegetables	Green, red, yellow, nutrients, vitamins, important source of food for living organisms.
Vegetables	grow in dort, such as cucumbers, carrots, and potatoes, people eat them.
Vegetables	gross to most people or children, they are healthy
Vegetables	healthy, carrots, corn, peas, grown in farms
Vegetables	growing, soil, crops, corn, peas, green beans, gross, yucky, steam, kids dont like them, add butter and cheese, brown, green, grow in the ground
Vegetables	edible, healthy, many different kinds like green beans, corn, spinach
Vegetables	a collection of more than one vegetable
Vegetables	Broccoli, green beans, carrots, they are all vegetables. Usually grown from the ground, and do not contain seeds. May be leafy, or the stems of them are edible. Considered to be healthy. Come in variety of colors, and tastes. Usually are for dinner. Have different textures, not something that is juicy like an apple or a strawberry, so dry. Can be eaten raw or cooked.
Vegetables	very good for health
Water	a source of life and purity, religion, fishing
Water	is an object, H2O, necessity of life, keeps us alive, river, ocean, lake, body of water
Water	Liquid, needed to live.
Water	delicious! An essential part of life.
Water	a liquid, h2o, healthy, drink
Water	is clear, wet, and can be added to make tasty foods, nutritous for the body, is can exist in rivers, lakes, oceans, pools, liquid, can take any shape. 
Water	is a liquid, made of H and O, clear, essential for life, makes up lakes, makes up rivers, makes up the ocean, makes clouds, dissolves, reflects, freezes, falls from the sky
Water	h2o, healthy, nourish
Water	the basic need for human life. it is compromised of 2 elements of Hydrogen and 1 element of oxygen
Water	liquid, no taste, hydrate, swim, streams, ocean, rain,
Water	can be a liquid, solid, or gas, requirment for life, can be clear or blue in appearance mattering on where it is, it is odorless, sometimes tasteless but sometimes salty mattering on where it comes from, 
Water	hydrogen and oxygen, something you drink, swimming pools, seas and oceans
Water	liquid, drink, refreshing
Water	liquid, important for life, quench thirst, more water than land,
Water	wet.  thirsty.  need it to survive.  powerful.  element.  blue.  ocean.  tap.  bottle.  salt water.  waterfall.  running water.  shower
Water	life's essential element, nourishes, replenishes, abundant, drinkable, hydrates
Water	wet
Water	vital for lifein everythingriversoceans
Water	Hydrogen 2 Oxygen, streams, rivers, oceans, hydration,
Water	H2O, liquid, periodic table
Water	H2O liquid, aqua, wet, clear, life could not exist without it, 
Water	wet, swim, drink, bathe, fun, creek, lake, river, animals, transportation
Water	oceans, lakes, baths, showers, rain, snow, lightning.
Water	liquid, clear, good for the body, oceans, lakes, used for showers and baths, drinkable, used in drinks, used in foods
Water	H2o, well, spring, a drink, glass refreshing
Water	something you drink, ocean, lakes, ponds, rivers
Water	is colorless, tasteless, and odorless, is necessary for life, composes the majority of the human body, makes up rivers and oceans, is the medium for fish and marine mammals
Water	The most necessary element.  Humans could not live without water.  We use it to drink, clean, and all other sorts of uses.
Water	used to drink, flows, is a high percentage of the planet, home to many aquatic animals, boats float on it, maintains all life, H2O, can boil/melt/freeze, used for nearly everything 
Water	source of life and nourishment; can be drunk or used to cook or clean; necessary for life
Water	used for bathing, drinking, and cooking. society would be unable to continue without it
Water	life source, wet, 
Water	h2o, drinkable, swimming pool, 70% of the earths surface, human body, mixture, ocean, lakes, ponds, rivers, ice, glaciers
Water	is needed, thirsty,cold, swimming pool, fun, sprinkler, fountains, oceans, rivers, lakes, creaks, fish, boats,tubing, skiing 
Water	liquid, can be solid or gas, essential for human life, composes a large amount of the human body, found in lakes, streams, oceans, seas, and clouds
Water	bluewetdrinkH2Oocean riverpond
Water	is cleansing, is purifying, is (hopefully!) clear and blue, is in lakes and ponds and rivers and oceans and seas, is fun to swim in, has all kinds of cool animals that live in it, is wet, is really annoying if it goes in your ears
Water	essential, clear, cold, warm, hot, ice, evaporation
Water	a liquid necessary to life
Water	the liquid of life, fills our body, refreshes us, wet
Water	lot of, need to live, ocean, river, lake, pond, blue, h2o, good, no taste
Water	lake, ocean, swim, pool, hydrate yourself, wet, clear, 
Water	rain, bath, liquid, shower, moist, wet
Water	refreshing, thirsty, clean, limited, delicious, clear, wet, liquid
Water	liquid to keep your body hydrated
Water	clear, liquid, pure, healthy, hydration, H20, quenching, bottle, 
Water	clear, no taste, showering, washing dishes, pools, able to drink, washing your hands, can come in bottles, the ocean, rivers, lakes, streams, ponds
Water	something that is needed to sustain life
Water	soda, rain, rivers and creeks, lakes and oceans
Water	H2O, foundation of life on earth
Water	Liquid, drinkable if not salt water, may be contained in certain containers, can be frozen when temperature is dropped, may be boiled if at a high temperature, found in various locations with different depths and expanses of area.
Water	life, clear, blue
Water	Drink, swim, dive, bath, oceans, lakes, rivers, clean, makes up majority of the human body and the earth.
Water	used to drink, makes up much of the human body, used to swim in, neccesary to live.
Water	Essence of life, necessary to survive, millions don't have access to clean water, used in an over-abundance in the United States, H2O (two hydrogens and one oxygen atom bonded together). 
Water	Resource, gives life, recycles, basic necessity of life, makes up most living organisms.
Water	essential to life. lakes, rivers, streams, ice caps. most of earth is water. 
Water	H2O, we need it to live, too much can kill us, it is in the ocean, the Earth is covered by 72 percent of if
Water	healthy, liquid, nutrients, curbs thirst, rivers, oceans, 
Water	cold, wet, refreshing, blue, white, warm, pool, shower, hand washing, dishes, the sea, the ocean, river, pond, lake, baths, relaxing
Water	clear, healthy, drinkable, can swim in it, take showers and baths in it
Water	essential for life. 
Water	All species need it to survive. Makes up the ocean and lakes, rivers, streams ponds. We use it to drink, mix together substances, put out fires, shower in. It is a necessity. Can be pure, murky, unsanitary. It is liquid. Some species can live in water while others cannot. 
Water	is a necessity; saves lives; makes up most of body; is a liquid
Yellow	the color yellow, a yellow stop light, caution.
Yellow	is a color, bright, sun, crayon, giraffe, not my favorite color
Yellow	Color
Yellow	bright.
Yellow	a color, bright, vibrant, used to make green
Yellow	a color, a bird's feather, an object, jewelery, coats, clothing, shoes, accesories, paper, blanket, food color, dye, 
Yellow	is a color, is warm, bright, happy, primary, the color of the sun, the color of corn, the color of lemons, comes from light, seen by reflection
Yellow	red green, stoplight, slow down
Yellow	a bright color that is more considered as a girl color
Yellow	color, submarine, bright, warn, happy
Yellow	a bright color, on the lighter end of the spectrum, used in refrence to happiness and light hearted feelings, 
Yellow	a color, bright, bannana or a lemon
Yellow	sun, banana, rubber ducky
Yellow	a color, bright, color of a banana, 
Yellow	Sun.  sunflower.  bumblebee.  happiness.  summer time.  bikini.  girly color.  my least favorite color.  bright.  orange and red.  warm color.
Yellow	gold, bronze, buses, caution, slow down
Yellow	sun
Yellow	daisiessunsunflowerstaxi
Yellow	color, bright, mustard, 
Yellow	A color, the sun in a children's picture book.
Yellow	color; children draw the sun, bananas, school buses, unbrushed teeth, urine with too much B vitamins, a primary color
Yellow	bright, cheerful, Easter, Sun
Yellow	cars, buses, high school colors, bees, birds, corn
Yellow	a color, bright, the sun, bees like it
Yellow	Sun, happy, warm, inviting
Yellow	is a color, lighter color, usual color of school bus, usually the color yellow means caution
Yellow	is a color, a pigment or a dye, a primary color complementary to blue, observed by the human eye, describes the color of lemons
Yellow	One of the more popular colors.  It is a bright color and is associated with the sun.
Yellow	color, yellow mellow is a soda, bananas are yellow, a generally happy color
Yellow	a color; usually thought of as a "happy" color; a warm color; color of the sun, bananas, balloons, and more; compliment of purple; mixed with red makes orange
Yellow	a primary color, a bright color, the color of many standard school buses
Yellow	banana, bus, Asian, 
Yellow	color in the rainbow, bananas, sticky notes, cowardly, color
Yellow	a color, cabs, bananas, markers, highlighters, crowns, gold 
Yellow	Color, bright, cheery, sun
Yellow	sun brightcolorshappy smile
Yellow	is the color of sunshine, brings happiness, is the color of corn, is the color of school buses, it's a bad thing if it's the color of your skin because you probably have jaundice, isn't usually people's favorite color but I dont think many people dislike it, similar to gold which is super regal and fancy
Yellow	stop light, color, sun,
Yellow	a color, what the sun is
Yellow	bright, color of bannanas
Yellow	color, banana, bright, pages, egg yolk, lemon, jacket, crayon, caution
Yellow	bright, blinding, the color of bananas, the color of lemons, the color of the sun, 
Yellow	bigbird, sun, lights, bright, color, corn
Yellow	sun, bright, pretty, colorful, smiley faces
Yellow	a bright happy color.
Yellow	bright, happy, color, daffodils, sun, 
Yellow	stoplight, the sun, school bus, 
Yellow	a color 
Yellow	orange, red, colors, the sun, the los angeles lakers
Yellow	580nm
Yellow	One of the primary colors, can be mixed to form new colors, often associated with the sun and happiness.
Yellow	color, coldplay song, sun, warmth, lemon
Yellow	red, color, mustard
Yellow	color of the sun, color of a daisy, often represents summer or warmth.
Yellow	A color: sun, daffodils, ducks, chicks, lemonade, etc. 
Yellow	A color, sunflower, the sun, a banana, the stars.
Yellow	Happy, excited, vibrant, scared, 
Yellow	bright, a school bus, safety paint, 
Yellow	color, primary color, in the rainbow, the sun, lemon
Yellow	sunshine, happy, fruit, sour, pretty, lovely, puts you in a good mood, breakfast, orange juice, flowers, pollen, honey, bees
Yellow	bright color, sun
Yellow	is a color, represents happiness, is bright, is the color of the sunshine
Yellow	Is a color. There are different shades of it. Mostly associated with being bright. Can give off the emotional feeling of being happy, joyful, uplifting. Described for the sun usually. Is a primary color.
Yellow	color of the sun; lemonade; bananas; sponge; pencil, caution
Active	getting out, exercising, etc.
Active	yogurat, to keep moving, boomb, nuclure
Active	sports, fun, sweating, hard work, fulfillment, feels good
Active	exercise, athletes, sports, sorority, movement, education, involved, learning, weight management, clubs, organizations
Active	Running, exercise, athletic, football, walking, 
Active	Currently partaking in, physically stimulating the body, influencing and affecting in one way or another the environment around oneself
Active	moving, lively, vigorous, on, effective, operating
Active	describes someone in action. can also describe fitness level. to be in motion.
Active	exercise, on, started, 
Active	in session, occuring in the moment
Active	to occur presently
Active	to be up and on the move. it is important to do this to stay healthy 
Active	involved, in shape,running, moving,alive
Active	outgoingenergetic
Active	a physical motion, currently in use, 
Active	doing, working, able to produce
Active	
Active	working
Active	running, swimming, playing, exercising of any kind, something that is in a constant state of motion, using energy, starting up a machine, policies that are in affect, anyone can be active or make something active.
Active	staying fit and healthy, doing something fun and getting exercise
Active	is moving, is participating, commonly related to sports/athletic movement, not dormant
Active	having much movement or energy in a  continuous matter
Active	has energy, energetic, fit, hyper, productive
Active	Jump, run, laugh, play, swim, bike, jog, healthy
Active	Refers to somthing that is moving alot. or somthing or someone that does alot. 
Active	to be doing something, sports, going outside
Active	thin,hot,produtive,not lazy 
Active	Productive, busy, in shape, participates 
Active	participating in something, turned on
Active	Volcano, imagination, sexually, sports
Active	sports, moving, sex, energy, existence
Active	athletic, sports, protestor, hard working
Active	engaging in, participating, 
Active	the ability of moving, you can also be an active member in a group meaning that you participate in something that is of your interest
Active	moving being on the moveq
Active	physical, 
Active	being physically fit, keeping your body the way it can be the best it can be, working out often to maintain muscle mass, it is a long process to build and retain their muscle.
Active	Running, jumping, exercise 
Active	energetic, alive, moving, doing stuff to help the greater good, being noticed and around
Active	member of fraternity, moving, exercise, fit, fast, strong
Active	actions, moving.
Active	not sedentary. moving. physical.
Active	is awake, is not idle, is busy, is in military service, is engaged in action
Active	energetic, motion, moving
Active	
Active	exercising, doing dishes, attending outside events
Active	fit, workouts alot, involved in sports, involved in school activities.
Active	moving around often, always outside, doing something
Active	boy, athlete, move, jump, climb, bounce, run,
Active	involved, athletic
Active	is moving, is using energy 
Active	fit, exercise, social life, working out, participation.
Active	healthy, sports, kids and teenagers, fit, people who work out, done to stay fit, strength, busy, increased work, 
Active	doing something 
Active	physically, member of organization or club, involved
Active	Physical, healthy, exercise
Active	something is always being done, never sitting still, never has nothing to do
Active	alive, moving, awake
Active	Outgoing, in shape, up for anything, frequent exercise, rarely confined to a couch, happy
Active	in motion, sports, working out, constant activity
Active	excercise, sports, in shape
Active	exercising, taking part in something
Active	Doing something, moving, speaking, used by animals 
Active	Active is a word to describe fitness. If you work out then you are physically active and often run and get your blood pumping.
Active	Physically fit, energized, ready to work, busy.
Active	moving constantly, not sitting around, getting numerous tasks done, in shape, active learning,
Active	Someone who plays a key role in something.
Active	
Active	workout, sports, walking, participates, moving
Aunt	mother or fathers sister
Aunt	mothers sister, spoils mothers kids, a female, family, helps out
Aunt	uncle, family, loving, friendly, mom's sister, dad's sister, what your sister will be when you have a kid
Aunt	niece, nephew, old, loving, money, cat lady, gay, nice, small, skinny, crazy, fun, family, related, blood, marriage, dead
Aunt	Woman, fun, uncle, dad's sister, mom's sister, relative, lady,
Aunt	A person, the sister of your mother or father, a family relation, in the immediate family, the mother of your cousins
Aunt	family, relative, holidays, cookies, nice
Aunt	a family member. a parents sister or the wife of an uncle. can be related by blood or marriage. 
Aunt	uncles wife, one of parents sister/sister in law
Aunt	the sister of a mother or father
Aunt	the sister of a father or sunt
Aunt	your mother or fathers sister or sister in law
Aunt	Diane,Kelly,Debby, loved ones,family,
Aunt	not unclechilds parents sister
Aunt	a female sibling of father/mother, an older woman, the daughter of my grandfather/grandmother,female relative
Aunt	female, mom or dad's sister
Aunt	
Aunt	my mother and fathers sisters, older, kind
Aunt	sister to a mother, married to uncles, "crazy aunt", usually give good care and presents to nieces and nephews.
Aunt	a person who is a sibling of one of your parents, they can be supportive or estranged, many see them at family functions and on holidays
Aunt	my mother's/father's sister
Aunt	family member who is a father or mothers sister, or marries father or mothers brother (uncle)
Aunt	one's mother's sister, or one's father's sister
Aunt	Uncle, relative, crazy, family, love, relationship, fun
Aunt	person that is a sister of a person that has kids. 
Aunt	someone related to you, your cousins mom, your mom or dads sister, what you become when your sibling has a baby if you are a girl
Aunt	moms sister , dads sister, cousins mom, family , kin, funerals 
Aunt	A family member, Mother's sister, 
Aunt	Father's or Mother's sister or sister-in-law, cousin's mom, could be more than one or none at all
Aunt	Sister, family, sometimes nice, cousins
Aunt	Woman, Mother, sister, Family, Cooler than mom, fun, loving, second in line to mom, confidant, open, close
Aunt	part of my family, my moms sister, important to have one
Aunt	nieces nephews a sister, daughter
Aunt	when your sister has a baby; the baby refers to you as her aunt, comes in common with an uncle
Aunt	A family member that is your mom or dad brother/sister.q
Aunt	family, 
Aunt	Your parent's sister, usually close in one's life,  a source of knowledge and wisdom.
Aunt	Loving, woman, female
Aunt	my father or mothers sister.
Aunt	relative, sister of parent, caring
Aunt	sister of either your parents.
Aunt	mother or father's sister or sister in law. 
Aunt	is the sister of my mother, is the wife of my uncle
Aunt	relation, family member
Aunt	
Aunt	Mom's & Dad's Sister, My relationship to my nieces & nephews, best friend, prayer warrior
Aunt	father or mother sister, spoil nieces and nephews, fun, rude, selfish, loving, advice giver.
Aunt	is a relative, is your parent's sister, is your cousin's mother
Aunt	loving, good cook, family, 
Aunt	mother's sister, family, woman
Aunt	is a woman, is a hippie, lives in a house, has pet turtles
Aunt	love, caring, second mother, home away from home, open arms.
Aunt	my uncle's wife, lives in mississippi, good cook, very tall, black hair, sweet lady, very busy, religious
Aunt	parents sister, relative
Aunt	mom or dads sister, cousins mom, close family member
Aunt	family member, mother's sister
Aunt	parent's sister, uncles wife, sometimes a big part of someones life, sometimes not
Aunt	family, women, sister, extended family
Aunt	sibling of parent, fun, lenient
Aunt	your mom or dad's sister
Aunt	uncle, cousins, girl
Aunt	Is a female, the sister of a person's mother or father, on the same family tree as the person
Aunt	woman, older, parents sister, 
Aunt	Aunt is somebody in your family. It is either your mom or dad's sister or mom or dad's sister in law.
Aunt	Female relative, parent's sister
Aunt	my aunt, my uncle's wife, dad's sister, usually caring, and loving
Aunt	Parents sister.
Aunt	
Aunt	sister of your mother or father, mother or fathers sibling
Base	1st base, 2nd base, 3rd, base, home plate of baseball
Base	paint, baseball, camp, military house,
Base	is something at the bottom of an object touching the ground, structurally sound, big, bottom, flat, baseball
Base	baseball, softball, navy, army, air force, marines, making out, run, national guard, FBI, police, helicopter,
Base	Baseball, home base, 
Base	Home, a facility of operations, the headquarters of a group or organization, a sense of safety 
Base	military, bottom, stable, strong fort, wide,
Base	mitiary instillation used to home and train soldiers. located in many states. 
Base	foot of, ph of more than 7, the bottom of
Base	the origin of something
Base	the origin of something
Base	the bottom of something supporting everything else. a term for a number in a logrithmic function 
Base	start, backbone, root, heart
Base	bottomfoundation
Base	very bottom of a structure, solid, must be stable, hard,
Base	bottom, structure,
Base	
Base	wide, strong, stable
Base	pH under 7, bottom of a tower or building, someone who lifts other cheerleaders into the air, a guitar used by background players in a band.
Base	the bottom of something, the main foundation for building, can be literal or hypothetical
Base	a supporting structure, is a position in cheerleading, is often used in trigonometric calculations 
Base	used in baseball, where players on the running team stand to be safe while trying to touch all four
Base	bottom of a structure, foundations, stronghold
Base	house, bottom, structure, building, collapse, strong, stable
Base	I think of Home. Baseball. Object. 
Base	at the bottom, needed to build something on
Base	safe, baseball, 3 , 
Base	sturdy, center, home
Base	the foundation of something, basic components
Base	Army, acid, science, foundation
Base	beginning, bottom, stable, holds weight, creates a start, branches to other ideas
Base	safe place in tag, the military, baseball 
Base	sports baseball, softball
Base	can be used as support, there are four of them in the sport baseball, the bottom of any object, also known as the foundation
Base	Home, were you are safe
Base	baseball, tag, 
Base	used in baseball, players have to run four of them to make a run, A liquid that's not acidic, marked by blue on the PH scale, camp for military uses, 
Base	Square, white, rough
Base	used in baseball, an army ground, the lowest part of something.
Base	bottom, sturdy, holds up everything
Base	bottom or foundation of something supporting
Base	like a home. where someone dwells and lives. 
Base	is a bottom support, is a foundation, is the bottom layer, is a point of attachment, is a chemical compound, is a main ingredient in a mixture, is a center of operations
Base	solid bottom, stable, supportive, firm, secure
Base	
Base	base coat of paint or nail polish, bottom of a vase, 
Base	support
Base	the starting point of something, used in baseball, different forts in the military
Base	base jump, sturdy form, bottom, 
Base	something to begin from, the "opposite" of an acid
Base	is home, is safe
Base	chemistry, buliding, bottom, foundation.
Base	original makeup, military stronghold, the core of something, knees bent and feet a little wider than shoulder width for sports, 
Base	foundation
Base	a square used in baseball, bottom of something, mathematical term
Base	basic building block
Base	the bottom, the strongest part of a building
Base	bottom, center command, 
Base	foundation, sets upon, four in baseball
Base	holds up an object or a person
Base	baseball, call of duty, army
Base	the bottom of something, there are four of these in baseball, the beginning of something
Base	Foundation, the bottom of a structure, hard and solid, could be used for a house
Base	Base is something used in baseball. There is first, second, third, and home base. You have to touch each base to score a run.
Base	Root, foundation, center
Base	something is the base of a topic, military base, baseball bases, foundation for something
Base	Having the foundation of something.
Base	
Base	baseball, softball, safe zone in tag 
Beginning	the start of something new.  opposite of end/finish
Beginning	the first, story, time, a new
Beginning	ending, new, adventure, something starting over, something new, 
Beginning	first, born, book, growth, start, new, race, end, movie, class, sleep
Beginning	God, creation, 
Beginning	The start, opportunity, the first step in a process, 
Beginning	starting, commence, opening, launch, creation
Beginning	used to describe the start of anything including a story, game, song, etc. 
Beginning	start of
Beginning	the start of something
Beginning	the start of something new
Beginning	the start or somthing
Beginning	new, start over, new year, fresh
Beginning	not endthe starthead
Beginning	the starting point, start
Beginning	the start of, first, transitional
Beginning	
Beginning	the start, ambiguous
Beginning	Opposite of the end, births, growth, story start, first part of a race or goal.
Beginning	the start of something whether a race or a chapter in life, it can be a big deal or just another part of life
Beginning	a start, something new
Beginning	first part of an event like a story or movie
Beginning	start, from the top, before anything else, opposite of end
Beginning	First, new, the past, a long time ago, far from last, ice ages, dinosaurs, fresh
Beginning	The place in which you start. Refers to place and ideas.
Beginning	at the start, to start over, 
Beginning	start of somting
Beginning	To start, new life, fresh, new
Beginning	the start of something, where things move on from, a certain point in time or a process that sets the following into motion
Beginning	end, life, college, future
Beginning	start, birth, God, clean, new, open, discover
Beginning	the start, the best part of a story, 
Beginning	the start, no progress recorded
Beginning	not at the end, the first part, entering a state
Beginning	first part. were you start
Beginning	end, start, 
Beginning	The start of something new, something the person has never gone through before, this could mean a new job, the beginning of a story, the start of a new relationship, or a new lifestyle. 
Beginning	First, pure
Beginning	the start, the very first thing
Beginning	start, race, time
Beginning	start of something.
Beginning	start of something. 
Beginning	point in time when something begins, the starting point, the act of starting, the commencement, an origin, a source
Beginning	starting point
Beginning	
Beginning	start of something, birth, death
Beginning	start of something new, beginning of book, before the end.
Beginning	has an end, the start of something
Beginning	first, start, story, 
Beginning	a scary place, can be uplifting
Beginning	is the start, 
Beginning	first, new starts, starting over, second chances.
Beginning	the start, inexperience, alpha, new, 
Beginning	start
Beginning	start of something, first, of a race, of a story, of a paragraph or paper
Beginning	start,
Beginning	the start, introduces things
Beginning	start, original, first
Beginning	just starting, once upon a time,high expectations, nervousness 
Beginning	the start of something
Beginning	the start, introduction
Beginning	is the start of something, comes before the middle or end
Beginning	The first one, starts the act.
Beginning	Beginning is the start of something. For example, freshman year is the beginning year of college. 
Beginning	Opposite of the end.
Beginning	the start of something, a book has a beginning, the first of something
Beginning	The opening of an even
Beginning	
Beginning	to start something, to begin 
Booze	alcohol...
Booze	drunk, acholic, makes brain fuzzy, too much not good, rext time, get-to-gethers, parties, police, minors
Booze	alcohol, drunkard, someone getting drunk in a bar, booze bring the picture of an older man being drunk rather than a younger person
Booze	sex, bad decisions, good decisions, weekend, college, alcohol, fun, Malibu, drugs, bars, clubs, party, teens, 21, drunkard, underage, cops, jail, murder
Booze	Alcohol, drinking, party, sex, cheating, bar, men, loud music
Booze	A vice, a vacation, a depressant, depressing some functions of the mind while opening others previously inaccessible, a liberator
Booze	alcohol, beer, vodka, blackout, inebriation, drunk, party,
Booze	is a term for alcohol. made from distilled grain. makes people intoxicated when consumed. 
Booze	alcohol, drunk, alcoholics drink A LOT, liquor, whiskey, rum, wine, beer, chardonnay, Merlot, ale, mead, grog, moonshine, bourbon, gin, vodka, schnapps, tequila, brandy
Booze	an alternate word for beer or drinking
Booze	an alternate word for beer or drinking
Booze	alcohol. an intoxicating drink. it can come and many different colors and can have many different potency's  
Booze	alcohol,beer, cocktail,liquor
Booze	beerpeople get drunk off it
Booze	a liquid, strong smell,addictive substance,sometimes used for cooking,party drink for adults
Booze	alchol, drinks
Booze	
Booze	typical college
Booze	alcohol, cause for many people to be in poverty, drank by many college students, high schoolers think they are cool to have it, causes many grades to drop, has been drank for centuries, brings people together and starts up a party, can be used as medicine and poison.
Booze	alcohol, can get you intoxicated, illegal for those under 21, many teenagers drink it at parties
Booze	alcohol, more of a redneck term for beer
Booze	alcohol consumed to intoxicate the drinker. disorients the drinker and after too much can be very dangerous for health
Booze	liquid, alcohol, anything containing alcohol
Booze	Alcohol, drink, drunk, party, A.A, hangover, side effects are bad, hurts liver, can take in too much, harmful
Booze	alcaholic beverage.
Booze	beer, drinking, something in a flask
Booze	cruise,alcohol,moonshine,natty light, bush ,bud wiser, 
Booze	Liquor, beer, anything containing alcohol.
Booze	slang term for alcohol, 
Booze	Drinking, alochol, party, frat
Booze	alcohol, sedative, confusion, silly, uninhibited, dangerous, causes slurring of words, erratic behavior, moderation
Booze	is this even a word? maybe alcohol? idk 
Booze	alcohol, getting drunk, parties
Booze	something that is drank for fun,  any alcoholic drink, legal age of drinking is 21 in the US
Booze	A beverage that changes your perceptions. It can be very good and bad to you. It can help and harm you.
Booze	alcohol, cruise, 
Booze	Alcohol, drank by people to try to have a good time, a depressant, often leads people towards being alcoholics, making them need the depressant constantly, 
Booze	Liquid, nasty, drunkenness 
Booze	Alcohol, hard liquor, drinks, drinking
Booze	drunk, alcohol, fun
Booze	alcohol including beer or hard liquor
Booze	alcohol. 21. impairs judgement. 
Booze	is an alcoholic beverage, is bought in bars and taverns, is drunk at parties, is the cause of drunkenness, can make people sick, can kill people
Booze	alcohol, beer, wine, whiskey
Booze	
Booze	liquor, brand names, cheap beer/wine
Booze	alcohol, hangover, drunk, not good but fun, many different kinds, wine, beer, vodka. 
Booze	refers to alcohol, used by college students, beer and vodka
Booze	college, drunk, beer pong, bar, alcoholic, bottles, cans
Booze	alcohol, liquid, warms, intoxicates
Booze	is beer, is great
Booze	alcohol, college, bad, too much, avoid, unahppy, dangerous.
Booze	illegal for anyone in the United States under 21, made from plants, usually doesnt taste very good, served in plastic aluminum and glass containers, alcohol, many different kinds
Booze	alcohol
Booze	alcohol, slang term, 
Booze	alcohol, beer
Booze	alcohol, drank to get drunk,
Booze	beer, rum, drunk
Booze	alcohol, beer, party, good time, friends, laughing, hangover
Booze	a type of alcohol, intoxicates people.
Booze	raging, partying, jager, drinking, beer pong, flip cup, late nights, hang overs
Booze	is also referred to as alcohol, can be an addiction
Booze	Fun, alcohol, used by everyone, delicious, partying, makes you drunk, my only friend
Booze	Booze is alcohol. Bud light beer is booze, patron tequila is booze. It is just another word to describe liquor and beer.
Booze	Alcoholic beverages
Booze	alcohol, vodka, rum, beer, any type of alcohol
Booze	A alcohol beverage that can get you drunk.
Booze	
Booze	beer, alchol, parties
Boy	young male.   opposite of girl 
Boy	under 18, young, trucks, gets dirty, rough,
Boy	is a male, strong, fun, laughter, hair, outside playing games, friends, mother and father, innocent
Boy	ass, penis, smelly, sports, cute, sex, hunter, muscles, sperm, eyes, bone structure, hands, hair, big feet, cars
Boy	Tall, muscular, handsome, athletic, sexy, protective, masculine, strong
Boy	Man, an expression of excitement, a naive mind, innocent, a happy child, a state of imagination
Boy	male, young, brother, son, nephew, grandson, father,
Boy	a gender of human. has male anatomy. can also describe a young man. 
Boy	child, human, has a penis, is male, 
Boy	a person that is male
Boy	a person that is male
Boy	male homosapien which gives the semen to fertilize a women's egg and begin conception.
Boy	male, child not man, rough, rowdy, toy cars
Boy	sonchildkidtrucksbluenot girl
Boy	opposite sex of females, young male, annoying, male child, son, immature
Boy	describes gender, low voice, perceived usually with "short" hair, 
Boy	
Boy	young, fun, energetic
Boy	a father's greatest wish, brats, dare devils, does what they want, gets into trouble, always has fun no matter the  place and situation, rambunkcious and rowdy.
Boy	a male child, generally  associated with things suck as the color blue, trucks, cars, has a penis
Boy	an adolescent male
Boy	young male. has a penis. becomes a man. eventually mates with females
Boy	Human, young, masculine, has a penis, provider for a traditional family, protector, deep voice, muscular, short hair.
Boy	girl, man, child, immature, has a lot to learn, hunting, fishing, father, dog as companion
Boy	Young male.
Boy	young, male, 
Boy	small,not girl, blue,
Boy	Young male, likes girls, plays video games, plays a lot
Boy	young male, prepubescent, immature, adventurous, youthful
Boy	Male, boyfriend, friend, gender, husband, man, guy, dude
Boy	man, penis, testosterone, protective, child, seed, dirty, puppy, dog, tail, adam, tall, snail, stubborn, deep voice, short hair, lots of energy
Boy	is simple, is pure, is playful, a person, a child
Boy	short hair, muscular, handsome, tall and dark
Boy	opposite of girl, something a girl is attracted to, is considered the son in a family
Boy	young male human
Boy	little, 
Boy	A young person of the male gender. Usually harder to raise than girls, boy's tend to look up to their father as the main figure during the growing process and the actions they see their father do can affect how they are when they are older. 
Boy	Child, young, kid, noisy
Boy	a God made sex, a boy is a person under the age of 18, men are above, they like toys, cars, objective materials
Boy	young, male, growing
Boy	a male, opposite girl.
Boy	a young person of the male gender. mature slower than girls. usually perceived as more athletic but less sweet and agreeable.
Boy	is male, is young, is short for "boyfriend"
Boy	male, young, mischievous, playful, onery
Boy	
Boy	tom boy, brother, son, dad, grandpa
Boy	young, fun, trouble maker, not a man yet.
Boy	opposite of a girl, less mature than a man, smaller than a man
Boy	young man, back pack, high voice, learning, braces, baby teeth
Boy	a young version of a man, immature, can be used in a degrading manner, impersonal
Boy	is not a girl, has a lot of body hair, 
Boy	young, impressionable, annoying, little brother, growing, soon to be men.
Boy	what dad calls me, adolescent, young, inexperienced, small, middle school, still growing, a man to become
Boy	
Boy	male, short hair, hairy, sports
Boy	male, son, child
Boy	a young man, a man that has not become a man yet, has not had a coming of age yet, usually age 1-14, once a boy goes through puberty, he is no longer a boy
Boy	sex, male, son, brother, 
Boy	obnoxious, loud, trouble, wild
Boy	a young child, not mature, not a fully developed man
Boy	girl, men, fun, buff, 
Boy	is a male, is a younger version of a man, opposite of girl
Boy	Small, young, human, male, behaves like a child,
Boy	Boy is a young man. Someone who is in elementary school and who hasn't quite grown up or hit puberty yet.
Boy	Young man, playful
Boy	young man, not a female, from birth to 17, 
Boy	A young man or child.
Boy	
Boy	sports, athletic, muscles
Disagreement	not to agree.  
Disagreement	not agreeing on something, aguring, fights, not understanding something, wanting someone of something to go your way
Disagreement	arguing, fighting, yelling, debating, peacefully not agree on a subject, two people, 
Disagreement	feud, fight, sex, marriage, scream, fist, yelling, opposing, argument, broken, law suit, war, hell, move out, bitch, whore
Disagreement	Argue, yell, loud, cussing, swearing, hitting, 
Disagreement	When two people have two differing ideas on a topic or subject, the clashing of ideas between to inquisitive minds
Disagreement	argue, fight, wrong, anger, red, fists,
Disagreement	a difference in opinion. can relate to a debate between two or more people or a conflicting idea in writing. 
Disagreement	when people dont agree, anger
Disagreement	a dispute or an argument
Disagreement	a dispute or argument
Disagreement	to view something differently than someone else
Disagreement	fight, argument, debate, break
Disagreement	arguement
Disagreement	a fight, between two parties, failure to agree
Disagreement	causes quarrels, don't see eye to eye,
Disagreement	
Disagreement	when two people have different views 
Disagreement	not seeing eye to eye when it comes to something, a misunderstanding between two people, the beginning of a fight, the cause for many friendships to be called off, anybody can have a disagreement, need to have an open mind to get through a disagreement with a resonable end.
Disagreement	an argument, having different views on a subject than someone else which leads to an argument about said subject.
Disagreement	a discussion of opposing beliefs, one's unwillingness to comply with another's view
Disagreement	to not be able to agree over something
Disagreement	to not be in concordance, angry, sadness, argumentative, 
Disagreement	fight, argument, don't agree, different views, two or more people
Disagreement	to have a different view than somone or something else.
Disagreement	arguement, having a dispute
Disagreement	agument,fight, yelling,
Disagreement	Not seeing the same way. 
Disagreement	argument, reaching two different conclusions, not getting along, conflict of opinion
Disagreement	Argument, fight, politics, religion
Disagreement	perception differences, argue, difference, unbalanced, rigid, unsettling
Disagreement	an argument, a fight, a division, a infight, partisan
Disagreement	fight, dont agree, conflict
Disagreement	when two people dont agree on the same idea or topic, can lead to a fight or argument, opposite of an agreement
Disagreement	not agreing with another 
Disagreement	contract, 
Disagreement	An argument where people have different sides in opinions or politics. Since the sides have different opinions on the subject, it ends in conflict, unless they meet half way on the conflict. 
Disagreement	Fight, negativity, quarrelsome
Disagreement	can be an argument, to not agree on something, cause of an argument
Disagreement	argument, fight
Disagreement	argument, opposite ideas spoken
Disagreement	sometimes leads to arguments. when two people do not see something the same way.
Disagreement	is a conflict, is an argument, is a variance, is not compliant, is a difference in opinions, is a controversy, is a dispute
Disagreement	oral argument, not seeing eye to eye, unable to understand another's point of view
Disagreement	
Disagreement	not getting along with others, misunderstanding
Disagreement	argument, doesn't agree, difference of opinion.
Disagreement	to not agree, have a different opinion, different views on a subject
Disagreement	argue, my parents, fight, hate
Disagreement	upsetting, argument, happen often, shouldn't get in the way of friends or family
Disagreement	is a problem, 
Disagreement	anger, upset, 
Disagreement	argument, two opinions, yelling, sometimes calm, debate class, politics, friends, family, between guys usually over sports or girls or politics, between girls usually over guys
Disagreement	dont agree with something
Disagreement	probably induces an argument, different sides of subject, 
Disagreement	argue, against, fight
Disagreement	an dispute that may lead to conflict, when two people disagree they have different outlooks on things
Disagreement	problem, argument, conflict
Disagreement	argue, fight, anger, saying things you don't mean, upset, compromise
Disagreement	to not agree, be in an argument, thinking someone else is wrong and you're right
Disagreement	argument, fighting, being wrong, 
Disagreement	is opposing views, opposite of agreement
Disagreement	animal characteristic, verbal or physical, seen throughout time
Disagreement	When you do not believe in someones opinion. Disagreement is usually what causes an arguement.
Disagreement	Non-negotiable, crossroads, argument
Disagreement	not agreeing on the same idea or term, argument, fight, verbal fight, or physical
Disagreement	A lack of not agreeing with an individual.
Disagreement	
Disagreement	argument, fight, do not agree on the same thing
Even	A number that is a multiple of 2, opposite of an odd number. 
Even	opposite of odd, the same thing given to everyone, 2,4,6, numbers,
Even	odd, equal, the number two, the same
Even	number, odd, steven, math, multiplication, addition, subtraction, score, link, tie, equal, same, level
Even	Numbers, fair, 
Even	Matched, neck and neck, straight, not crooked, equal in quantity or quality
Even	Odd, numbers, smooth, level, uniform
Even	can be a mathmatical term. also used synonymously with fair. 
Even	numbers such as 2,4,6, balanced, not odd
Even	in line or organized. in order
Even	organized. in order
Even	to divide something symmetrically, so that each person get the exact same amount 
Even	alike, math, balanced,level, matching
Even	not oddgetting backfair
Even	flat surface, no obstacles, an equal state, being fair, being divisible by the number 2 
Even	describes numbers, balance,
Even	
Even	equal
Even	any number that ends in a 0,2,4,6, or 8, a level surface, when things are balanced, useful when it comes to scales, fair situations, when two people are the same at some skill.
Even	something that is fair, the same amount as something else, 
Even	is fair, is not crooked or lopsided
Even	equal, when two things are measured to be the same
Even	in equivalence with something else
Even	steven, equals, math, numbers, making my bed, counting
Even	not odd. refers to numbers. 2,4,6, ec... refers to surface level
Even	2, 4, 6, 8, when you want reveng you get this, 
Even	math, equal, balanced, same 
Even	fair, equal, at the same pace
Even	equal, the same, fair
Even	Not odd, Evan, math, numbers, Steven, Even Stevens
Even	balance, numbers, not lonely, straight, matching, pattern, life
Even	level, fair, 
Even	equal, same, sharing
Even	opposite of an odd number, a balanced state, level, flat, opposite of a slant
Even	same on both sides 
Even	type of number, 
Even	The opposite of odd, settling old disputes, revenge, A number divisible by two.
Even	Number, amount 
Even	to be good, clear and square with someone, to be level.
Even	number, same, paid up
Even	flat, opposite of odd
Even	not tipped to one side. equally balanced.
Even	is fair, is not odd, is level, is parallel, is uniform, is nonfluctuating,  is not easily excited, is identical, has an equal probability
Even	equal
Even	
Even	getting even, parking even, blood sugar even, blood pressure even,
Even	numbers, getting even with someone.
Even	to be proportionate, to be square, when all sides are the same
Even	equal, water depth, 
Even	not odd,in line with something else
Even	is equal, is level
Even	getting even, even numbers, fair.
Even	equal, makes two people usually happy, split, not odd, compromise
Even	same, comparison
Even	same amount, fair, tie, race term often used
Even	opposite of odd numbers, organiozation
Even	the opposite of odd,2,4,6,8,etc.  always divisible by the number two
Even	same, equal, fair
Even	same, tie, no winner, no loser
Even	can be a number, parallel to an object
Even	numbers, not odd, same amount, not greater or less than
Even	Opposite of odd, 2, 4, 6, 8, etc.
Even	Fair, Equal, parallel 
Even	Even is a word to describe certain numbers. It is the opposite of odd numbers. 2,4,6,8 are all even numbers.
Even	the same, equally matched
Even	equal on both sides, shared, fair, even sides
Even	When both teams fail to beat one another. 
Even	
Even	math, numbers, on the same level
Forward	opposite of backwards. 
Forward	to go straight, no going back, to move in one direction, onward, foward march.
Forward	motion, driving, running, moving, backwards, sideways, email, not looking back
Forward	introduction, horny, direct, backwards, car, movement, motion, falling, 
Forward	Front, 
Forward	Continuing, not looking back, a direction, an optimistic denial of defeat
Forward	Straight, clear, ahead, decisive, front, distance, run
Forward	position in football. direction of movement. 
Forward	to move ahead, can be used with emails, 
Forward	moving any way the front side of your body is facing
Forward	to move in the direction you face
Forward	to move on. to keep going 
Forward	ahead, leading, pay it forward, making progress
Forward	ahead infrontmovement
Forward	moving ahead in a particular direction, moving onward, more advanced
Forward	motion, most animals walk forward, in a classroom you face forward, 
Forward	
Forward	ahead
Forward	the person who usually scores in a soccer game, the tall strong guy on a basketball team, being blunt and to the point with someone about a certain subject, moving ahead of where you are, a command, used by officers and people in charge to tell people where to go.
Forward	to move on away from something in the past, looking ahead and moving in that direction
Forward	not backward, to face the teacher or a goal head-on, to be thinking ahead 
Forward	moving in the direction in front or facing towards
Forward	the direction in front of a subject
Forward	backward, moving, moving on, a goal
Forward	action. to move. to look/see. 
Forward	to move, not go backwards, 
Forward	text,car, truck ,phone,many poeple see
Forward	progression, positive actions,  positive results, going somewhere 
Forward	a direction, moving from point A to  point B
Forward	Backwards, sideways, up, down, email, texts, arrows
Forward	step, ahead, positive, future, continuation, move
Forward	is progress, is assertive, 
Forward	closer, destination, progress
Forward	the opposite of backwards, you can use this when referring to driving or walking
Forward	moving in a positive direction
Forward	rewind, play, pause, in front of, 
Forward	The beginning of a work of fiction. The forward usually gives the reader a hint of what the story is going to be about, it is usually a page long, or a paragraph, but can be a simple sentence or two.  Also a forward could be used at the beginning of a CD to set the whole mood of the CD. 
Forward	Front, march
Forward	To progress, to move straight in front of you, the direction you want to go in life, the way towards a goal. 
Forward	progress, going
Forward	ahead, straight, opposite of backward
Forward	looking towards the future. not looking back on things.
Forward	in front, to move ahead
Forward	to move ahead
Forward	
Forward	fast forward, forward in sports, going forward in life
Forward	opposite of backwards, everyone goes forward. 
Forward	to send a text to another person, to push something further
Forward	keep looking forward, moving, not back, in front
Forward	in front, ahead, blunt
Forward	is ahead, is an email or text message
Forward	pay it forward, go straight, continue, keep going.
Forward	big basketball player, advancing in position, war shout, movement, lines, 
Forward	walk, direction
Forward	move along, positions in sports, green arrow
Forward	ahead, going in front, moving
Forward	continuing straight, the opposite of backwards
Forward	face first, positive, moving on
Forward	to advance, moving, right direction, no looking back,going fast, proud of yourself, sense of relief
Forward	moving toward something or away 
Forward	back future remotes, dvr, dvd, vcr, running, moving, growing up, 
Forward	is opposite of backward
Forward	The front, first in line, before the others.
Forward	Forward is a step in the right direction. When you move ahead. Forward is advancement and many other things.
Forward	A beginning of a book
Forward	in the future, fast forward button on a tape or video, a physical representation of something not here but farther in the distance
Forward	Someone who main purpose in hockey is to score
Forward	
Forward	to look into the future, to send to someone else, a type of direction
Horn	an instrument blown into to make music or a sharp part on certain animals heads. 
Horn	loud, on cows, a ritual, warning sound, many different syles of horns, music, gold, cars
Horn	car, loud, annoying, some people hit it when they have road rage, sporting events
Horn	Deer, cow, musical instrument, Rhino, dinosaur
Horn	Trumpet, loud, brass, tuba, trombone
Horn	Loud sounds, ringing out, brass instrument to produce a blaring sound, an instrument for expressing musical feelings
Horn	loud, car, bronze, round, oval, rhino, 
Horn	is a musical instrument. is made of brass and played by the mouth. 
Horn	can be of an animal, could be a sound device, could make noise, could be use as a weapon
Horn	a loud sound object
Horn	a loud object
Horn	a cone shaped protuberance that is usually found on fawn, goat, and bovine animal. It can be used for defence
Horn	car, bull, bike, clown, beep beep, honk honk
Horn	found in a carfound in a band (french horn)makes noise 
Horn	usually found on male animals, an instrument used to make noise, hard
Horn	made of bone, found the heads of some animals (ie: cows, bighorn sheep)
Horn	
Horn	loud, exciting, sometimes angry
Horn	one of the loudest parts of a car, honking it, a geographic location, a mountain name, the sharp part of a few animal species, made from air moving through a tight spot, is an instrument, made from bone or teeth, can be both hard or soft, played by musicians, used as a defense mechanism.
Horn	a means to make noise, attached to cars and bicycles to announce presence when necessary
Horn	is in a car, is on a bike, is an instrument, is used to signal a warning
Horn	sharp, hard, pointy growth that is part of some animals. example=elephants and rhinos
Horn	instrument, many types: french, english, ect., brass instrument, shiny, loud
Horn	loud, obnoxious, startling, clowns, trains, cars, bikes, safety precaution 
Horn	a hard growth on an animal. a car has one. 
Horn	long and has a point on the end, hard, found on a unicorn, 
Horn	car,alert,loud,annoying
Horn	Makes loud noises.  Used to get attention.  Drivers use horns to get other drivers attention.  Trains use horns to warn of crossing.   It's an instrument.  In the brass section.
Horn	musical instrument, can refer to an animal's appendages, alarm device
Horn	Car, bike, loud
Horn	Band, car, gold, brass, loud, long, tone, annoying
Horn	loud, vibrant, cows, pointy
Horn	honking, cows, cars, sharp
Horn	found on sheep and cattle, can be used in times of danger or anger in a car, loud noise to get a persons attention
Horn	loud nose giving awereness.
Horn	band, trumpet, car, 
Horn	used in cars as an alerter for a emergency, most drivers use it as a sign of displeasure for another driver. Several animals have horns either as ways to display dominance over other males, or to attract females. 
Horn	Pointy, unicorn, bull
Horn	you blow into it to make noise, can be different shapes, sizes or colors, used in old times to warn civilization of an incoming enemy
Horn	animals with them, sharp, hard
Horn	an cautionary or alerting sound
Horn	like a trumpet. musical instrument. used for music.
Horn	is made of bone, is hallow, is on the nose of a rhinoceros, is on the head of a cow, is the pommel of a saddle, was an instrument used in the hunt
Horn	noise maker, loud, gets attention, noticeable, hard to ignore, annoying
Horn	
Horn	brass horns, car horn, fog horn, 
Horn	blow into, on top of animals. 
Horn	something on your car, something on your bike, something to warn other cars that you're there
Horn	bull, cylinder, sharp, grey black, toe nail matterial
Horn	trumpet, tuba, brass, loud
Horn	is a musical instrument, is on a unicorn
Horn	loud, obnoxious, traffic, rude, French, band, car.
Horn	instrument, bull's head, sharp, loud, angels, texas, music, vikings
Horn	loud, attention 
Horn	in a car, loud, alarming, used to get attention
Horn	animal, blow horn
Horn	an instrument, played by mouth, usually included in a band or orchestra
Horn	car, sporting event, boat
Horn	loud, obnoxious, warning, brings something to attention
Horn	sticks up, maybe pokes, on the head of certain animals
Horn	cars, games, halftime
Horn	Is a part of a car, makes a loud noise, can also be a part of an animal's body
Horn	Loud, viking, used by humans, brass color, can be an instrument
Horn	Horn is something on an animals head. Animals such as a ram has horns on their head.
Horn	Instrument, brass, circular, power, beauty, majesty.
Horn	horn can be a bone obtrusion from an animal, or an instrument, such as the french horn, around the horn baseball term for throwing the ball around the infield
Horn	A curved and pointed body part that is found on cattle, sheep and goats.
Horn	
Horn	car horn, noise, instruments
Inferior	opposite of superior. to be less than someone or something
Inferior	to feel lower then, depressed, saden, unable to do anythings, no voice or your own
Inferior	smaller, not as good as something else, cowering down to something, superior, 
Inferior	below, men, women, children, mudbloods, cows, mice, bugs, poor, politicians, ignorant people, assholes
Inferior	Small, less than, not as important, miniscule, 
Inferior	Degradable, temporary, less in quality, way to describe someone to look down on
Inferior	lesser, smaller, weak, infant, mediocre, poor
Inferior	not up to standards expected by someone. not adequate or useful. 
Inferior	less than, 
Inferior	is below. underachieved. lesser.
Inferior	below. underachieved
Inferior	to feel look down upon by someone
Inferior	less,smaller,lower,bottom
Inferior	below not as good 
Inferior	bad, depressing, poor quality
Inferior	describes importance or value, less than, 
Inferior	
Inferior	applies to quality of objects
Inferior	weaker, smaller, dumber, not as good when compared to something of better quality, opposite of superior, can refer to a loser of something.
Inferior	less than something else, not good enough to be associated with something
Inferior	to be less than, not as good as something/someone else
Inferior	being less than, or insufficient
Inferior	lesser in some way than others
Inferior	Small, weak, less than something, not important, looked down upon, treated badly
Inferior	Refers to a feeling of superiority. 
Inferior	lower in place, or position, close to the bottom, poor quality
Inferior	wimp, not leader, submissive, 
Inferior	Lower than some one else, like in a class based system, peasants are inferior to kings and queens  
Inferior	less than something else, lower quality, looked down on
Inferior	Low class, not wanted, submissive
Inferior	not good enough, less than others, not worth effort, unsatisfactory
Inferior	poorly made, is less valuable
Inferior	over the top, the best 
Inferior	something that is close to the bottom or base, a lower ranking or degree, something that is less important, a lower ranking
Inferior	The worst choice, something you dont want.
Inferior	superior, is lower than something, 
Inferior	Something not up to standards set upon it, usually the underdog, in racism it can be used to describe a culture that group of people hate, is the spark of genocide, outdated technology. 
Inferior	Insecure, lowly, low self-esteem
Inferior	to be lower than somebody in status, rank or quality.
Inferior	lower, easy to control, unintelligent, weak
Inferior	something of less importance
Inferior	not held as high as something or someone else. perceived as less.
Inferior	is lower in standing, is beneath something, is of poor quality, is mediocre, is less powerful
Inferior	less than, not as good as, not desirable, imperfect
Inferior	
Inferior	animals or humans being territorial, not trusting or believing someone, having a lack of confidence 
Inferior	lower in station, less improtant.
Inferior	less important, second to, not relevant
Inferior	discuss, unable to look at, idiotic
Inferior	below something or someone else, subjected
Inferior	is low, is not as good,
Inferior	low self esteem, unhappy, rude, nobody should feel this way, superiority complex, bad, not cool, Hitler, Jews.
Inferior	not good enough, others are superior, striving to become superior, looked down on sometines, not as successful
Inferior	
Inferior	lesser than, loser, not as capable, 
Inferior	less than, unequal to
Inferior	not good enough, no matter what happens, everything will be worse than something, the worst outcome always happens
Inferior	weak, less, not equal
Inferior	less than, not as good as, lowly, lame
Inferior	smaller than
Inferior	slave, peasant, 
Inferior	is opposite of superior, can be a bad thing
Inferior	Underneath, belittled, discriminated, hurtful, used by animals
Inferior	the definition that comes to mind is, "not as good as." other than that I do not know how to explain it.
Inferior	Lesser than, unequal, lacking strength.
Inferior	not satisfactory, inability to succeed at a task that is asked, old model of something newly made
Inferior	Someone who believes they are more important than everyone else.
Inferior	
Inferior	not as powerful, works below people, does not have as much say/opinion
Iron	Element on the periodic table (Fe), a device used to smooth wrinkles out of clothes
Iron	man, strong still, pennies, pill taken for vitiams, chalky taste, in the blood, burise easy if you dont have enough, bridges, bulidings
Iron	iron maiden, metal, steel, cold, hard, machine
Iron	Iron man, weights, maiden, fist, car, heart, vitamin, blood, curling, lung, deficiency, penis, sex, straightening, Robert downey Junior, clothing iron, wall
Iron	Metal, Fe, ion, element, steel, 
Iron	A vitamin, a metal, hard, cold, a state of mind
Iron	Steel, hard, metal, clothing, heat, steam
Iron	is a household appliance. used to remove wrinkles from clothing and linens. uses heat and steam to flatten and smooth fabric.
Iron	metal, can also be a flattening tool, used to make many appliances in days of old
Iron	a type of metal
Iron	a type of metal
Iron	metal made from steel and coal. it is a natural metal that most people need in there diet
Iron	Fe, steel,heavy, thick, metal
Iron	used for closecan be hotits a metal
Iron	hard, usually grey colour, building material, essential for health, present in blood, 
Iron	used to make steel, chemical element, Fe, has 26 protons and neutrons, hard, crystalline structure, 
Iron	
Iron	strong, hard, grey
Iron	metal, dull, had its own age in Europe and Asia, worth little money, manipulated by smiths, makes weapons and armor, can cause sickness, a lack of it in a person causes anemia.
Iron	a metal, needed to live, blood contains it, you get it from food, you can build with it
Iron	is an element, is magnetic, is found in cereal, is gray/black, is sturdy and strong, is metal, a lack of which causes anemia
Iron	a metal element that is mined for its rigidity and is made into many different objects
Iron	element, metal, hard, strong, used in machinary, factories, many appliances, vehicles, 
Iron	hot, smooths things, metal, contains starch, fixes clothing, can ruin clothing, burns, dangerous, not for children, do it on a table.
Iron	metal. element
Iron	used to straighten out clothes, a mineral in the periodic table, 
Iron	somthing in blood, hard, steel
Iron	Used to straiten clothes, electric, requires water, requires an ironing board
Iron	tough metal, element, strong and sturdy, mineral to help hemoglobin production, hot device to take wrinkles out of fabric, golf club, used to identify livestock
Iron	Clothes, Board
Iron	hot, metal, resource, common, useful
Iron	element, is needed to live, is strong, is a metal, is malleable 
Iron	a type of metal, or to press clothes 
Iron	releases heat, makes your wrinkly clothes unwrinkled, some contain water, puts off steam, used on a board or a hard surface 
Iron	a substance that is used to build many things
Iron	clothes, metal, 
Iron	anemia, a hard meldable element, blood, used in armor, machinery, vehicles, guns. 
Iron	Metal, heavy, silver
Iron	strong,hard, magnetic, silvery-gray metal, chemical element 
Iron	strong, unbreakable, hard
Iron	a vital industry in the united states
Iron	object used to get rid of wrinkles from clothing. usually involves an ironing board. 
Iron	is a metal, is heavy, can rust, is an alloy, is a periodic element, is, an appliance, presses clothes, is used in tools, is used in weapons
Iron	appliance, applies heat to clothes, removed wrinkles, hot, steam, dangerous
Iron	
Iron	Iron worker, curling iron, flat iron, iron to iron clothes, iron pills
Iron	striaghtens something, no more wrinkles.
Iron	used for smoothing out wrinkles, levels in your blood, necessary vitamin, used to straighten hair
Iron	clothes, skillet, christopher walken, metal, iron worker, iron hide
Iron	hot, straightens clothes, household tool, electrical
Iron	is strong, is a building material 
Iron	steel, buildings, industrial revolution, strong, shiny, everywehere.
Iron	Fe, an element, very strong as a big piece of metal, used in cooking utensals, blood, vitamins, 
Iron	straightens clothes
Iron	element, hard, silver, used in mechanics
Iron	metal
Iron	a metal, used to build a lot of things, rusts when it is wet, humans have iron in their bodies, iron is magnetic
Iron	metal, hard, rough, vitamins, 
Iron	hot, no wrinkles, different kinds, used on clothes
Iron	can be in blood, nutrient
Iron	steal, copper, metal
Iron	a type of metal, a type of vitamin, used to get wrinkles out of clothes
Iron	Metal, used by humans to make products, hard, silver color
Iron	Iron is a type of metal used to build things and weld things as well. It is very strong and silver looking. 
Iron	Metal, household utensil
Iron	to iron clothes, a physical metal , ability to stay strong, iron man
Iron	Somethign you press your clothes with.
Iron	
Iron	metal, 
Join	to come together or put together
Join	to add in, make part of
Join	a group, lots people, someone stepping in with a lot of other people,  an organization
Join	group, sorority, club, team, Facebook, twitter, business, gang, class
Join	Club, team, group, 
Join	To enter in, to bring together, two separate entities coming together as one, 
Join	connect, together,link, seam, joint, junction
Join	to be with someone in action. also can mean to sign up for the armed services.
Join	together, to be a part of, to be accepted by
Join	to become a part of something
Join	to become a part of something
Join	to go along with somthing
Join	team, put together,blend,connect
Join	come together put together 
Join	a state of being put together, to meet
Join	an action, to take part in, to aid
Join	
Join	to become a part of something
Join	Clubs, activites, sports teams, schools, fraternities/ sororities, a cult, to become a part of something that you weren't before.
Join	coming together with others on something, can be a project or event
Join	to come together - often for a shared purpose 
Join	to become a part of something. example=a new baseball player becomes a part of a team
Join	become a part of
Join	together, link, bond, mutual, companion
Join	to come together. 
Join	come together, reunite, hand in hand, 
Join	team , together, not apart, getting along, mixture
Join	To be part of, to be in a group, the act to participate
Join	To become a part of, becoming involved with something
Join	together, marriage, partake, teams, involvment
Join	together, complete, longer, one, connect, happiness, leave from something else
Join	attend. participate, 
Join	to become part of, to add to 
Join	to become a part of, can be used when talking about a group or organization
Join	To gain membership to a certain thing.
Join	group, together, social network, 
Join	Acceptance, being a part of a group, welcomed by peers. 
Join	Connect, Siamese
Join	to go into something , to become a part of
Join	club, friendship, helping
Join	to take part in. an addition.
Join	to be a part of something. to be a team.
Join	to come together, to come into contact with, to unite, to enlist in, to become a member of, to take part in
Join	go along with, become a part of
Join	
Join	participate, be a part of something
Join	join a club, join a gym, join a group, gather.
Join	to be a part of something, to come together, to put things together
Join	commit, gather, announce, acquire 
Join	to accompany
Join	
Join	clubs, school, atheletes, fititng in, finding your place, learining to work with us.
Join	enter a group, people want you, friends, to accompany another, to go with, 
Join	coming together as one
Join	a club or organization, the army, used in persuasive commercials often
Join	put togehter
Join	when things are brought together, when different groups bring themselves together, they are "joined"
Join	group, class, catch up, team
Join	get together, trying something new, being apart of something
Join	to be a part of
Join	club
Join	to be a part of something
Join	connection, rivers, humans, 
Join	Join means to enter something. When you join a frat, you are entering their world and becoming one of them.
Join	Pledge allegiance
Join	to come together, not apart, adding two or more parts together that work better together than apart, marriage is a form of joining
Join	Someone who has linked together and combined with one another. 
Join	
Join	conncet, become a new member, begin something new, start
Language	words spoken and understood by different cultures/countires
Language	the art of comuncating, words, numbers, symbols, cultures, race, ethic, to expess feels, thoughts, vocabularly
Language	English class, spanish, french, people speaking, literature, communication
Language	fuck, fowl, spanish, music, math, native, universal,sex, sign, chinese, japanese, english, russian, foreign, talking, conversing, interaction
Language	Foreign, English, Spanish, French, Japanese, Chinese, spoken, verbal, written, communication, speech
Language	The main tool of communication, the set of words used to relate to other human beings
Language	words, alphabet, foreign, mouth, sound, lips, voice, annunciate,
Language	 there are many different kinds used in the world. different languages use different sentence structure and grammar. can be written, spoken, signed, and heard. people can be fluent in more than one language.
Language	people speak it, used for communication, many different kinds of languages
Language	a type of communication between society
Language	a type of communication between a society
Language	can come in different types from all over the world. it's used to communicate from one person to the other
Language	accent, communication,sound, speech,vocabulary,sign language
Language	speakingtalkingdialoge
Language	form of communication, differs from country to country and even within a country, hard to learn as an adult
Language	part of communication, written and spoken, considered necessary in "civilization", contains known phrases and letters
Language	
Language	deep, developed over a long time, interesting concept
Language	many kinds, is a subject in school, facilitates many human interactions, brings people together, tears people apart, causes confusion and clarity.
Language	a way of communication, can be a barrier to different cultures, is difficult to learn if not naturally acquired
Language	means of communication, not always spoken - can be signed and read through body positions and behavior
Language	means of communication between two people. consists of many words used with a common understanding of their meaning. there are hundreds of languages in the world
Language	a way of communication. can be used with any of the senses.  develops, changes, and evolves over time.
Language	English, Spanish, Foreign, Native, can learn it, depends on your background, has 8 letters, is a class.
Language	That in which you speak. 
Language	how people talk, different types around the world, 
Language	learned trait, way to communicate, class school
Language	Way of communicating, verbal, visual, touch, 
Language	Varies in different areas of the world, form of communication, expressed in verbal, physical, and written forms, different dialects
Language	spoken, written, English, Spainish, French, German, communication
Language	speak, understand, native, custom, must be learned, communication, humans, words
Language	is useful for humor and comedy
Language	something you speak or a way to understand
Language	something that is spoken or used with hand motions, used in the everyday life, something a person must know, lots of different kinds of these
Language	is a way to communicate between people. many different types of languages are available.
Language	English, Spanish, French, sign, Mandarin, Hebrew, Arabic, Finnish, 
Language	Reading, novels, writing, the different dialect people around the world speak, 
Language	Communication, talking, verbal, words
Language	How we speak and communicate to one another. There are many different throughout the world
Language	diverse, many races, many cultures, many locations
Language	words spoken or written. differs from culture to culture
Language	dialects spoken in particular areas.
Language	is spoken, is written, communication, words, grammar, sentences, stories, symbols, gestures, is varied
Language	communication, expression
Language	
Language	english, spanish, french, portugese, russian, chinese, 
Language	unique, indivdual, challenging, many people speak different languages.
Language	what a person speaks, how we communicate, every country has their own
Language	speech, spanish, german, toungues, communicate
Language	English, Spanish, French, Sign, used universally but still different all over the world
Language	is spoken, is heard,
Language	barriers, speaking, multilingual, nationality, conquering differences, learning.
Language	way of communication, hundreds if not thousands of types, is ab obstacle between many countries, those who learn many will tend to be better off when travelling
Language	english, ways people talk
Language	way of communication, many different kinds, spoken, 
Language	talking, communication
Language	what we speak, when we talk, we speak in different languages
Language	speak, English, verbal, communication
Language	variety, culture, regions, dialects
Language	a means of communication by which people use 
Language	spanish, different cultures
Language	Has many varies around the world, there are numerous different ones, also a type of class that involves reading and writing
Language	English, many different kinds, some aren't spoken anymore, used by humans, difficult to learn many
Language	Language is how you communicate. There are differen't languages throughout the world. The language I use is english.
Language	Spoken/signed word, form of communication, a way to relate to one another
Language	the ability to speak, many languages, language barrier, german , latin, english are examples of languages
Language	Verbal or nonverbal use of communication. 
Language	
Language	different for different countries, used to speak and communicate, hard to understand
Length	measurement of distance
Length	how long, lenght times height, math, tape measure
Length	measurement, ruler, inches, centimeters, meters, kilometers, long, short
Length	paper, test, run, drive, miles, music, class, sleep, ruler, penis, fingers, feet, scarf, hair, nose, legs, arms, face, torso, pants, string, tape, truck, fish, boat, tail
Length	Ruler, long, short, inches, centimeters, meters, feet, miles, kilometers, 
Length	How far, a quantitative descriptor of the measurements of an object, 
Length	ruler, long, distance, 
Length	a measurement of how long something is. can be represented by many different units of measurement. 
Length	how long something is, the duration of something
Length	is how long something is
Length	how long something is
Length	how long something is
Length	measure,tallness,width
Length	distancemeasuredmeasured by a ruler
Length	a measurement, used to measure distance, an amount of time between moments, used to measure height
Length	measurement, inches, centimeters, miles, etc
Length	
Length	the measure of how far something stretches for 
Length	is measured, has many units, has different systems (metric and standard), can be indicated using many devices.
Length	a measurement of something, rulers and tape measures measure length
Length	a measurement, used to calculate volume and area, measured in inches, feet, or some form of the metric system
Length	is the measure of distance. units that can be used are inches, meters, millimeters, centimeters, feet, yards, and any other units of measure
Length	measurement, distance, end to end, bottom to top
Length	An amount of time, a measurement
Length	Measuring.
Length	what a ruler measures, centimeters, inches, meters, feet, yards, or miles. how far something is
Length	long ,short, measurement,
Length	how long something is, can be measure in inches centimeters feet yards
Length	measurement, can be used for both time and proportion
Length	Long, papers, pages, hair
Length	hair, height, penis, fingers, straight, continuation, measure, ruler, estimate
Length	a duration, a time, a measurement, 
Length	a distance, how long, travel 
Length	long, can be referred to as centimeters, feet, inches, a form of measurement
Length	distance of an object
Length	measurements, hair, feet, meters, inches, yards, 
Length	The measurement of how long something is. Used commonly in Algebra and Geometry, can be used to determine how long you are going to be on a road during a trip. Length is also used in measuring people's arms and body for suits. 
Length	Measurement, building, mathematics, ruler, inches, feet
Length	a measurement
Length	big, long, stretched
Length	how long something is.
Length	how long something is. the duration of something.
Length	is an extent of time, is the longest dimension of a plane or figure, is the extent from beginning to end, is a specified distance
Length	measurement, description, 
Length	
Length	amount of time, inches of rope, length of hair, 
Length	long, width, distance specified by the extent of something.
Length	determines how long something is, the duration of something
Length	long, distance, length of football field, 
Length	used in the equations for area and perimeter, how long something is
Length	is the distance between two points, 
Length	love, distances, overcoming them, centimeters, miles, meausurments, far.
Length	a way of measurement, short, long, hated in tests, loved on breaks, used in everything to do with construction
Length	measurement
Length	measurement, inches, centimeters, etc., construction
Length	long, measurement
Length	how long something is, the opposite of width
Length	size, measurement, distance
Length	height,inches, centimeters, size of a person, distance of a trip, measurement
Length	how long something is
Length	long, cross country, time, watch, ruler, reading books, tape measure, meter stick
Length	is a measurement
Length	measurement, used by humans, many different kinds
Length	Length is a measurement. There are many differen't lengths. Yards are lenghts, feet are lenghts, and inches. There are many more than that.
Length	Measure of distance or time, used for essay criterion often.
Length	how long a physical item is, a ruler measures it, measure of time or physical item
Length	How far something is from one side to another.
Length	
Length	distance, how many pages of a paper
Machine	operates to make/fix something
Machine	does what humans cant do, taking over human jobs, robot, tvs computers, cold metal, motherboards
Machine	steam, metal, gasoline, factory, cars, electronics, engines, iron
Machine	car, music, rage, China, foreign, steel, Japan, Korea, jobs, Taiwan, vibrator, bulldozer, robot, conveyor belt, factory, cell phone, technology
Machine	Factory, technology, computer, gears, buttons, lights, on/off,
Machine	A non-human capitally invested means of mass production, an increase in productivity
Machine	metal, mechanics, car, sewing, robot, silver, steel iron
Machine	used for creation or making an action easier for the user. can be mechanical or computerized. some are operated by a person. used in many places and ways. 
Machine	industrial, robots, gears, cogs, oil, 
Machine	a subject that usually does work so a person does not
Machine	an object that substitues work instead of a human
Machine	used to create something or make a job easier
Machine	washing machine,appliance,tool,computer
Machine	technologylarge in size 
Machine	used in factories, a big device, used to manufacture other machines, uses electricity
Machine	mechanical, serves a purpose, found everywhere, many types, pulley, lever, wedge, screw, wheel and axle, inclined plane, cars,
Machine	
Machine	helpful, more efficient
Machine	robots, made from metal usually, makes things easier, operated by workers, Albert Pujols, can do everyday tasks.
Machine	something that is operated, can have a motor or other way to start and propel it. 
Machine	is often used to increase efficiency and decrease labor costs 
Machine	contraption of many devices used for different purposes to assist man
Machine	has a job, or purpose, man made, effective, has glitches, needs maintenance or repairs, 
Machine	metal, heavy, runs, produces, takes jobs, fast
Machine	metal. can use gas, oil, ect... used to do work easier. 
Machine	big, builds things, heavy, operated by someone, makes things
Machine	production, stud, metal , gas 
Machine	Mechanical device used to accomplish tasks, metal, loud, energy using, 
Machine	man-made device, mechanical, technological, has a specific purpose
Machine	time, Doctor Who, washing, car, boat, plane
Machine	Computer, car, wagon, Humans, invention, smart, complex, useful, auto
Machine	mechanical, lifeless, gears
Machine	do work, factory, numbers
Machine	can be used to make an object,mechanically powered
Machine	how many things are made
Machine	washing, heavy, 
Machine	A object made by man to make things easier for them,  technology is advancing quicker so machinery is getting more and more complex and able to perform many more things. 
Machine	Motorized, build, fix 
Machine	an operating device, a big metal contraption
Machine	moving, progress, new, strong
Machine	object used to do something efficiently or quickly
Machine	robotic. does services for people. industrial revolution.
Machine	a mechanical apparatus, is a lever, is a wheel and axle, is a pulley, is a screw, is a wedge, is an inclined plane, is any combination of simple machines, is a device
Machine	equipment that completes a task or produces a product, metal, heavy
Machine	
Machine	fax machine, vending machine, gambling machines, soda machines, 
Machine	puts together many things, sewing machine, vaccum, builds things.
Machine	electrical, used for different purposes, necessary for living
Machine	car, machine shop, working parts, pistons, future
Machine	made of wood or metal, performs an action, 
Machine	is mechanical, is the man, is power
Machine	industrial, revolution, cheep labor, heavy, facatories.
Machine	man made, faster rate than humans, super efficient, typically expensive, technology, hard, loud, quiet, many things at once, necessary in today's world, big and small
Machine	makes products, future
Machine	does work for humans, mechanical, many varieties
Machine	electronic, operational, non-organic
Machine	something manufactured to do a purpose, 
Machine	car, robot, future
Machine	factory, work, production,steam, shiny, silver, large
Machine	an object operated mechanically 
Machine	products, big, loud, industrial
Machine	Is something used to produce something else, can be used to help create something
Machine	Replaces human workers, efficiency in the market, invented by humans, many different sizes
Machine	A machine is something invented to improve speed and efficiency. A washing machine was invented so you could wash clothes faster and make your life easier.
Machine	Meticulous, unending, work 
Machine	is mechanical, makes tasks easier, a computer
Machine	A mechanical object used to make things. 
Machine	
Machine	makes things, cleans things, are continuing to make progress
Mine	not yours.  i own or possess something
Mine	what i own, valentine, personal belongings, no one elses, 
Mine	possession, selfish, hoarding, materialism 
Mine	clothes, possessive, coal, gold, silver, diamonds, money, dwarves, anger, shoes, television
Mine	Blow up, boom, kids yelling, 
Mine	A horrible working environment, an expansion of resources naturally found in the earth
Mine	bomb, cave, drill, dynamite, underground, rock, iron, gold, diamond
Mine	is a deep cavern underground used to excavate minerals, rocks, coal, jewels. can be miles underground or just below surface. 
Mine	possession of, belonging to me, a hole dug for mineral or raw material, an explosive trap
Mine	a word that resembles possesion
Mine	a word to describe possesion
Mine	a place where minerals can be harvested. it is also the name for an explosive
Mine	bed, belonging, boyfriend, family, laptop, me
Mine	not yourssomething i own 
Mine	area where natural material are found such as metal ores or precious rocks, deep, dark, chance of being buried alive,dirty,affects health,lung cancer,eye problems
Mine	desribes belongingness, possession
Mine	
Mine	expansive, interesting, potentially harmful
Mine	used often in war to blow things up, a fat girl at a party, made of metal and explosives, a place to get metal from, miners work inside of it, soldiers place them on the ground, tons of them are under cities and cause sinkholes.
Mine	a posessive pronoun, classifying something as belonging to you
Mine	a declaration of possession
Mine	an exploding mechanism that is buried in the dirt and detects movement or weight above. is used to keep people away or to kill enemies
Mine	belonging to myself
Mine	for me, not for you, i bought it, i have it, i wanted it, selfish, obtain, money, home
Mine	A place dug underground. It has somthing of value within.
Mine	belongs to you, something you own, 
Mine	not yours, selfish
Mine	A dangerous area where items such as gold, diamonds, coal are found.  Many miners lose their lives working in these places.  
Mine	a claiming statement, possessive, belonging to nobody else
Mine	Yours, Ours, Dating, Love, Flowers
Mine	Ownership, one owner, underground, material, possessive, limited, selfish, dig
Mine	yours, landmine, coal, 
Mine	have possession or owning, no one elses, so not mess with 
Mine	something that belongs to you, also used in sports to call the ball to avoid confusion, a possessive pronoun
Mine	a persons own
Mine	yours, ours, 
Mine	1. One's personal property they call their own. This object, or in some cases people mean something special to the person and the owner tends to treasure, and horde their property, not willing to share it. 2. A weapon of war, used underground to surprise the enemy.   Cruel, silent and hidden, the weapon is undetected to the untrained eye. 
Mine	Gold, mountain, ore
Mine	were you obtain minerals like coal. to be your possesion. 
Mine	underground, gold, gem,  diamond
Mine	owning or possessing something
Mine	explosive buried in the ground. harmful and dangerous. sometimes used in war
Mine	is not yours, to dig, pickax, to excavate, is an explosive, to burrow, to extract, an abundant source, is a possessive
Mine	coal, worker, danger, deep, dark, valuable
Mine	
Mine	posessions, personal belongings, wants
Mine	no one elses, will not share, be mine.
Mine	something that belongs to you, only yours, holds coal or precious gemstones
Mine	ours, together , selfish, own
Mine	said repeatedly by the birds in Finding Nemo, said by young children, usually used in a greedy fashion
Mine	is not yours,
Mine	not sharing, holding close, property, not yours, only for me, greedy, stingy.
Mine	owned, money spent, work done to attain, what children say when they dont want to share, 
Mine	it is yours
Mine	ownership, said often by children, used to tell others its yours
Mine	explosive, possession
Mine	a cave used to find things, usually has tunnels, train tracks, gold, coal, workers have to wear hardhats
Mine	ownership, 
Mine	No one else's, belonging to only me, don't touch it, ask if you want to share
Mine	something that you own.
Mine	lead, diamonds
Mine	the opposite of yours, something that I own, a place where coal is found, supplies jobs for miners
Mine	Dark, dangerous, coal, my grandpa, 
Mine	Mine is where coal is found. When you are looking for coal, you god down into a mine to search for it.
Mine	Not yours, selfish, proud
Mine	not some one elses, something that belongs to me, physical articles, such as clothes
Mine	A deep hole in the earth were rocks and minerals are being taking out for profit. 
Mine	
Mine	belongs to me, no one elses, i own it
Most	greater amount of something 
Most	alot, the more,
Most	least, almost, being on top, having it all, wanting just a little more
Most	money, happiness, jewelry, possessions, athletic, awards, daring
Most	A lot, many, some, 
Most	The epitome of something, a position, a rank, a quantitative relationship descriptor
Most	great, large, abundant, best, peak, highest, 
Most	a majority. what is common or considered normal. 
Most	the majority, almost all
Most	the maximum of an object within a group of the same objects
Most	the maximum amount of an object within a group of objects
Most	getting the majority of something
Most	almost all,countless
Most	not least quantity
Most	almost everyone/everything in a group/population
Most	quanitative, not all but majority
Most	
Most	The majority of something
Most	highest quantity, winner, the best, can refer to someone who has done something better than someone else.
Most	the majority of something, the best of something, 
Most	the greatest amount of something
Most	the abundent amount of an object or event
Most	more than half of a group
Most	plenty, almost everyone, a large percentage, majority, 
Most	used as a referance to a majority amount.
Most	the probable option, many, a lot of
Most	the largest number, biggest, quantity , not the smallest or least, productive
Most	Large amounts, amounts larger than others 
Most	the majority of something, a vague quantity, over half of something
Most	least, everyone, popular, cool
Most	abundant, best, more, a lot, highest, greatest, quality, quantity, full
Most	many, the best,
Most	alot, a great portion of
Most	majority, a large amount, quanitity or amount, greatest, could be used when referring to number of votes,amount of candy, or amount of people attending something
Most	highest number between a multitude.
Most	a lot, more, 
Most	The maximum amount of something, nothing more can come, having the top position in your job.
Most	Largest, more, abundance
Most	The highest amount of, an abundense of, the greatest extent
Most	large, many, best
Most	majority but not all
Most	almost everyone. the large majority.
Most	is not least, is a majority, is the greatest amount, greatest
Most	having more of something, almost all
Most	
Most	eating most of the brownies, drinking most of the milk, being late most of the time
Most	greatest amount, majority of something.
Most	more than the other, to have the highest value
Most	excuse, all, little less,
Most	many, not all
Most	
Most	everything, all of it, none for anyone else, the 1 percent, full, lots, many, highest.
Most	the majority, large amount of something, stereotype, generalization, 
Most	likely
Most	is a lot, full, more than another,
Most	highest, best
Most	the absolute amount of something, nothing more can be added
Most	some, half, more
Most	More than any other,best, people strive for this
Most	having a lot of
Most	a lot, more than everyone else, top of the food chain, many, popular
Most	is more than "more"
Most	Highest quantity, the majority
Most	Most is a word that helps explain what you are talking about. Like in the sentence, "I ate most of the cake," it is explaining how much cake was eaten. "Most" lets you know that a lot of the cake except a little bit was eaten.
Most	More than anything else
Most	the biggest quantity of , can be physical or not physical, biggest quantity or quality of an item
Most	Greatest amount of something you can do
Most	
Most	a lot, more, occurs more, abundant
Often	opposite of rarely, happening more than average
Often	many times, over and over
Often	an event happening a lot, a pattern to something happening
Often	sleep, go to class, work, interaction with people, eat, breathe, blink, drink, urinate, watch television
Often	Most of the time, 
Often	A frequent occurrence, happening more than a few times, happening more times than not
Often	frequent, repetitive, regularly, habitually
Often	to occurr frequently. is a measurement of happenings.
Often	frequently, on more than one occasion. 
Often	happens a lot
Often	occurs a lot
Often	something happening several times
Often	a lot, more than once
Often	frequentlytime
Often	most of the time,repeat
Often	frequency, not always but not seldom
Often	
Often	the majority of the time
Often	happens a lot, habitual.
Often	repeating frequently,  something that occurs over and over, something that is done on a regular basis
Often	a regular occurrence  
Often	some occurs many times
Often	An occurrence that happens frequently or more than a normal amount
Often	A lot, frequently, more than once
Often	Is a word used to discribe. Its is meant to discribe something that happens on a regular bases with frequency. 
Often	quite, frequently, something you like to do a lot
Often	most of the time, a lot , frequently, more than once
Often	Consistent, happens multiple times
Often	is a measure of frequency, occurs multiple times
Often	Many, repeated, a lot, never, sometimes
Often	recurring, mulltiple, unforgotten, not surprising, regular, routine
Often	frequent, quick, simple
Often	frequent, reoccuring
Often	frequently, happens more than it doesn't happen, can be used as a time frame, also known as in many cases
Often	at a regular or rapid pace
Often	time, 
Often	something that happens more than once, repeating several times over a span of time. 
Often	Frequent
Often	frequently, many times, too much
Often	most, many times, again
Often	all the time. opposite of rare.
Often	continuously and regularly. occurs constantly.
Often	frequent, repeated, perpetual, many times
Often	even that occurs occasionally, more than not
Often	
Often	eat often
Often	happens many times. 
Often	happens a lot
Often	over and over, more then once, repeat, 
Often	usually
Often	is frequent,
Often	repeadetly, frequently, over zealous, mnay times.
Often	occurs a lot, most of the time, generalization, 
Often	quite a bit
Often	something that happens a fair amount of times
Often	constant, occurs often
Often	when something repeats a lot
Often	frequent, regularly, 
Often	all the time, used to it, recurring, over and over
Often	very frequently 
Often	everyday, doing it a lot
Often	is the opposite of rarely, also means "alot"
Often	Doing something frequently, used by animals
Often	Often explains how much you do something. When you say, "I often study for tests." It summarizes how much you study.
Often	Frequently, several times a week, seemingly unstoppable
Often	happening regularly , occurs on a daily basis
Often	Doing something a lot.
Often	
Often	occurs a lot, not rare, frequently
Open	opposite of close.  
Open	opposite of close, see into, door, window, letter, card, car door
Open	closed, door, open sign in front of a business, able to enter, freedom
Open	close, vagina, eyes, mouth, ears, book, mind, car, heart, door, bag, registration, suggestions, interpretation, sayings, loose
Open	Free, 
Open	Vulnerable, accessible, ready, willing, not closed, eager, accepting of ideas, reacting to outside stimulus
Open	spread,exposed accessible, unguarded, vulnerable
Open	the opposite of closed. also can mean that a store is doing business.
Open	to become available or ability to pass through
Open	free; joinable; open-minded as an example. a verb that is opposite to close
Open	free; joinable.
Open	to be ajar. this can also be a verb in the fact that you can tell someone all about your life
Open	door,window, blunt, unlocked
Open	not closed
Open	an action, not closed, no obstruction to an exit/entrance, not concealed
Open	an action, availabe for business; property of doors, gates, etc 
Open	
Open	wide, expansive, empty
Open	Opposite of close, can be a command, people open things everyday, is an adjective for many things other than physical such as an open mind, stands for limitless possibilities.
Open	able to be accessed and used, available to everyone
Open	is usually receptive and/or available
Open	the opposite of closed, not being contained or shut
Open	available to enter, usually refers to anything with a door or lid, or anything that can block, then unblock an entrance.
Open	Invitation, welcoming, wanted, wide open, in business
Open	opposite of close. an action or a space
Open	opposite of closed, usually put on a sign for a business, 
Open	talkative, expressive, not closed 
Open	Able to go through, no boundaries, 
Open	welcoming, inviting, available, accessible
Open	Welcome, closed, store, shut, window, door
Open	door, see through, unlimited, transfer, understanding, sore, can be closed, good
Open	wide, mouth, container, 
Open	not closed, freely accessable 
Open	opposite of close, referred to when you open a door, a sign on businesses to know that they are not closed and are willing to assist you
Open	wide area, space to move.
Open	close, 
Open	Able to process new ideas and accept them easily, the ability to try new ideas without getting rid of one's morals and ideals, Accepting anyone without judging their sexuality, gender, nationality, race, or ideals. 
Open	Spacious, field, large area
Open	to unlock or move something out of the way for something else
Open	easy access, entrance, allowed in
Open	clear or uncongested
Open	not closed. available. accessible. 
Open	to allow passage, not closed, accessible, to make unobstructed, unfastened, ready for business, to disclose, to set in action
Open	opposite of closed, accessible
Open	
Open	open the doors/windows, open minded, understanding heart, 
Open	many places open daily, open is on signs, open presents, opposite of close.
Open	opposite of closed, what stores are
Open	open door, not closed, free
Open	available, stores, shops, malls, cabinets, doors, personality characteristic
Open	is not closed, 
Open	doors, beginnings, out, obvious, good, window.
Open	welcoming, business, warm, kind, friendly, what businesses say when they are in business, clear, honest, telling, in service
Open	
Open	available, ready, windows, doors, 
Open	wide, space, room
Open	something that is not closed, is able to let things in
Open	closed, hours of operation, business, availabile
Open	start the day, sign, hours of operation, business can continue
Open	not closed, 
Open	closed, door, window, coat
Open	is the opposite of closed, signal that people are allowed to enter a business, ajar
Open	empty, clear, fields, opportunity
Open	Open is when you have opportunity. When the door is open, you have the opportunity to go outside. When it is open season, you have the opportunity to go hunt and kill animals.
Open	Not closed, reachable
Open	not closed, doors are opened , open minded , open to new ideas
Open	Something that is open up. 
Open	
Open	available, free
Partner	someone you depend on. whether its in a game, activity, sex, or life
Partner	dance, love, co-worker, someone to help, projects, grades
Partner	marriage, business, partner for a project, a friend, someone who you engage with for a certain task
Partner	spouse, lover, friend, business, significant other, school, project
Partner	Relationship, love, marriage, best friend
Partner	One who partakes in an event with you, a friend, a lover, one who shares an experience
Partner	friend, teammate, buddy, homie, coworker 
Partner	an equal in action or a project. shares responsibility. can also mean a person to dance with.
Partner	is together, is there for you, does stuff with you
Partner	a relationship involving a person in some way
Partner	a type of relationship with another person in any way
Partner	a black feline that lives in a jungle area
Partner	married, sports, team, work together
Partner	someone you work witha copa school project
Partner	belongs to a team, other half, spouse, in business, 
Partner	can be romantic or not, helps complete some set goal or objective, 
Partner	
Partner	someone you are matched with for something
Partner	wife, husband, classmate, friend,  teammate, someone who helps get something done, partners in crime, someone to dance with, putting things together in pairs.
Partner	someone you work with on something whether in school or life, you need to communicate with them to get a job done
Partner	is a companion, is a peer with whom one works with on a project, is important in many dances
Partner	someone that is equal. in marriage husbands and wives. in a business firm two partners are both in charge of the workplace and work together. police officers working together
Partner	one part of a couple
Partner	relationship, trust, bond, helpful, there for you, assigned, chosen
Partner	refers to a person or animal. Can be in a game. someone or something that is assigned or chosen to you.
Partner	someone who you are married to, someone you have been with for a long time, someone who you participate in a game with, 
Partner	sex,wife,girlfiend,significant other
Partner	companion, side kick, best friend, girl friend, brother, sister, lab buddy, study buddy, team mate
Partner	team, commitment, joint effort, pair, peers
Partner	Sex, love, baby, friends, marraige, life together, in crime
Partner	even, homie, commrad, alliance, helpful, other half, more, together 
Partner	is loyal, is a team, is faithful
Partner	confide in, work with, reach a goal together
Partner	can be used in school, someone that you find attractive and love, can be used in the slogan "partners in crime," when you are not by yourself
Partner	someone or thing you work with to acomplish a task.
Partner	help, study, workout, 
Partner	one's mate, spouse, some people have partner's for life, or it could be someone who has to work with you in a project or at your job, someone who shares your business. 
Partner	Helpful, supportive, loving, caring
Partner	A group member, a person assigned to you to accomplish a goal, a spouse, a person used to help you out. 
Partner	love, friendship, helping out, strong
Partner	together or joined
Partner	friend. or life partner. someone who is there for you.
Partner	is associated with, is an associate, is a spouse, dance together, is a colleague
Partner	companion, team mate
Partner	
Partner	sexual partner, partner in crime, business partner, prayer partner,  
Partner	life partner, business partner, partner in crime.
Partner	someone you work with, two things together
Partner	marriage, love, gays, friend, cops
Partner	something that should be trustworthy
Partner	is help, is your teammate 
Partner	friend, helper, comrade, working together.
Partner	big job, friend, trust, loyalty, work, equals
Partner	someone you love
Partner	man and woman, togetherness,companion,friend
Partner	significant other, loved one
Partner	someone that joins you for something, usually a close friend, someone who you can work with
Partner	co ownership, equality, team, marriage
Partner	friend, companion, trustworthy, gets things done
Partner	someone who in something with you, a friend, a lover.
Partner	relationship, sex, projects, marriage
Partner	can be a friend, can be a spouse, can be a coworker
Partner	Woman, Animal, Cat, Dog, Love, Someone you enjoy, Committed, lifelong.
Partner	Partner is who you spend your life with. A husband or wife is often called your partner. It is who you marry and have a life with.
Partner	Mate, friend, ally, brother
Partner	marriage, gay or lesbian matrimony, business partner, someone who compliments the abilities or personality of another person in the partnership  
Partner	Someone you love.
Partner	
Partner	wife, husband, girlfriend, boyfriend, project, team
Peace	peace love and happiness.  no war.  
Peace	able to breath and not worry, no fighting, no war, the sign, hippies, the 70's
Peace	love, quiet, happiness, after war, a time of thanksgiving
Peace	bob Marley, John Lennon, peace sign, Buddha, dove, like a river, love, classical music
Peace	Sign, world peace, pageants, ying/yang, 
Peace	Calm, nothing, quiet, lack of fighting, courage, absence of fear, equality of the mind
Peace	kind, calm, amity, harmony, tranquility, 
Peace	an idea or concept. is against war, destruction, and conflict. became a common belief in the 1960s.
Peace	good, serenity, calm, quiet
Peace	a way for resolving disputes without violence
Peace	to resolve dispute without violence
Peace	to be at one with someone or ones self
Peace	friendship,love,family,america,unity
Peace	calm satisified
Peace	represented by a white dove, represented by the showing of the index finger with the middle finger, colour white, no hostility, an agreement, an internal state of mind
Peace	calmess, relaxed, 
Peace	
Peace	something we should strive for, good
Peace	no fighting, love for all people, is generally a universal want, was promoted by ghandi and many others, has its own sign, hippies love it.
Peace	freedom from fighting and war and violence, people fight for peace, people protest to reach peace
Peace	is calm, is represented by two fingers or a circle divided into four unequal parts, is associated with hippies
Peace	a state of being for a country or area that is not in war. peaceful, calm, caring
Peace	calm, content, non-confronational
Peace	happiness, love, care, emotional, a goal, a need
Peace	a place of tranquility. 
Peace	a sign, love, hippies used this, 
Peace	sign,calm,friendly,nice, prize
Peace	calm, easy
Peace	lack of conflict, getting along with others, feeling of security, harmonious relations
Peace	War, love, hate, flowers, dove, olive branch
Peace	happiness, calm, balance, love, content, everlasting, purity
Peace	hippies, the 70's, impossible, good goal
Peace	a symbol, quiet, no conflict
Peace	something that you want to have around the world, can be symbolized as a peace sign, something hippies long for
Peace	having no hatred to another
Peace	sign, seventies, miss america, world, 
Peace	An idea that people can get along, used by people who disagree that war is wrong, and humans should stick together as a race, rather than focusing on gender and race that divide us apart. 
Peace	Friendship, tolerance, love, forgiveness
Peace	A worldly need, to be cool, calm and collective, to be truly happy.
Peace	no war, no fighting, easier life
Peace	calm, quiet, easy, relaxing.
Peace	tranquility. void of all disturbance. john lennon.
Peace	is non warring, is a state of harmony, is relaxed, is order, is tranquil, is a state of security
Peace	tranquillity, agreement, calmness, relaxed
Peace	
Peace	peace in the home, peace in our hearts, peace of God
Peace	used a lot in the 1960s and 1970s, love and happiness.
Peace	the opposite of war, hippies believed in this
Peace	hippies, love, safety, 
Peace	desired by many, seemingly unattainable, no fighting, tolerence of others
Peace	is love, is hope, is a better future  
Peace	happines, harmony, world, self, everyone, getting along, peace sign, good feelings.
Peace	before and after war, good times, is wanted by all, hard to attain, dove
Peace	bye, hiippy
Peace	is calm, is a goal, kind, loving, hippies
Peace	love, no fighting, communicating with non-violence
Peace	when their is in no conflict, there can be world peace, or inner peace, if a person has inner peace, they are completely content with their lives
Peace	hippy, drugs, no war, love, 
Peace	no war, no fighting, everyone gets along, no worries
Peace	involves no violence, nice, calm.
Peace	love, happiness
Peace	Is the opposite of war, often related to love and happiness
Peace	the normal condition of a nation, an agreement or treaty, security, non violent or threatening
Peace	Peace is coming together. When there is peace, there is happiness and no fighting. Things like peace treaties are signed so countries agree to not fight in wars against each other.
Peace	Happiness, sinewy
Peace	not war, being able to coexist, hippies used to revolve around this, peace sign, love of all
Peace	Something you can get freedom from. 
Peace	
Peace	to all agree, to not hate, to agree with
Silk	really smooth material
Silk	worms, solf, many colors, worn, bed sheets, clothes, pjs
Silk	silk worms, fancy sheets, fancy pajamas, soft, smooth
Silk	soft, cold, sex, sheets, expensive, silk worms, fragile, rich, smooth, silky, milk, nighty, sleeping
Silk	Fabric, silkworm, silk road, 
Silk	Soft, a desirable material to be worn on the body, comfortable, rich, expensive, fancy
Silk	Clothing, silkworm, spider, soft, warm, breathable, white
Silk	is a fabric. soft and smooth. created with material produced by silk worm. high quality and long lasting. is used in clothes, home decor, and linens. 
Silk	Is soft, is expensive, is light, 
Silk	a type of thread, usually soft
Silk	a thread, usually soft
Silk	smooth, light fabric
Silk	sheets,pajamas,soft,slick,cold
Silk	satinsoftsmoothfabricshiney
Silk	a type of clothing, a type of texture, made by silk worms, smooth to touch
Silk	cloth, smooth, soft, used in clothing
Silk	
Silk	soft, made in china
Silk	smooth, valuable, comes from worms, originated in china, has a trade route named after it, worn by royalty and rich people, worked into clothing by semstresses, hard to clean, has many colors, is occasionally shiny, often used as an adjective.
Silk	material used for clothing or other objects, very smooth and soft, can be expensive
Silk	a very soft material, is expensive, is created from worms, associated with the Silk Road in China
Silk	some cloth like material that is very soft and very expensive
Silk	cloth, soft, expensive, many colors, thin, weak, not machine washable
Silk	Is soft, is smooth, is a blanket, is comforting, children, is stained, is hand washed, is pulled apart, is delicate
Silk	woven. soft. worm. 
Silk	soft, a fiber, can be made into a garment, produced by a type of worm
Silk	smooth,expensive ,girl, fancy., rich
Silk	A article used in clothing,  Generally more expensive then cotton,  
Silk	a delicate fabric, very soft feeling
Silk	China, soft, costly, worm
Silk	worms, smooth, soft, milk, soy, egypt, clothing, material, comfort
Silk	the silk worms, a type of fabric, really soft sheets, 
Silk	soft, sxpensive, wrinkle
Silk	smooth, soft, made of silk worms, can be worn as clothing
Silk	smoothe soft.
Silk	silkworms, China, silk loom, 
Silk	A soft fabric, really smooth to the touch. Used often in clothes because of its gentle texture and ability to keep people warm. 
Silk	Soft, smooth, shiny, pajamas
Silk	strong, fine fiber, feels soft and smooth
Silk	soft, made by animals, slick
Silk	smooth, fabric
Silk	fancy. expensive. soft.
Silk	is a fabric, is expensive, is soft, is smooth, is lustrous, is made from the fibers of silkworm cocoons, is associated with China, is used to make clothing, is used to make bedding
Silk	fabric from silkworm, expensive, natural
Silk	
Silk	silk pajamas, silk shirt/pants, silk sheets, silk spider web
Silk	soft, nice, fine, expensive, hard to make.
Silk	soft material, used in clothing, made by a bug
Silk	silk worm, smooth, soft, silk sheets, bed
Silk	made from worms, traded by countries, soft to the touch, ruins in water, made into clothes such as pajamas and shirts
Silk	is soft, is smooth,
Silk	soft, fine, nice, pretty, expensive.
Silk	soft, delicate, finesse, made by worms, used in clothing, expensive, colorful, loved by many, past example of wealth, comes from silk leaves,
Silk	smooth, clothes
Silk	soft, slick, shiny, pillows, boxers, etc.
Silk	material, fabric
Silk	material, smooth and soft, many neckties are made of this
Silk	fabric, smooth, soft, 
Silk	worms, smooth, bed sheets, ties, soft
Silk	expensive fabric, smooth
Silk	sheets, shirts, plants
Silk	is a type of fabric, has a smooth texture, is considered expensive
Silk	Soft, Expensive, Used for clothing, Warm
Silk	Silk is a material often used for clothing. It is shiny and real smooth. It can be found across the world.
Silk	Soft, woven, string, comes from a silkworm, exalted for its quality, exquisite material.
Silk	soft, smooth, soy milk , used in expensive clothing, Asian gowns 
Silk	A fine, luxurious piece of material that has been used for hundreds of years. 
Silk	
Silk	soft, a type of material, smooth
Stripe	one color after another.  zebra stripes
Stripe	zebra, black and white, many colors, on clothes, cars, bedsheets, on walls
Stripe	center stripe going down the road, black and white, red and white
Stripe	scarf, tiger, zebra, gremlin, candy, jack white, color, white, candy canes, accomplishments, skunk, racing, cars, wallpaper, road, shoes, fish
Stripe	Zebra, long, skinny, 
Stripe	A line of color, blood, a visual aspect of a piece of clothing or art entailing the use of lines
Stripe	line, race, color, pattern, 
Stripe	is a line. can be any length or width. many uses, can be decorative or useful. 
Stripe	line of color
Stripe	a color different in a straight line than the base color
Stripe	a line of color on a base color
Stripe	a line in something. zebras have these
Stripe	zebra, divison, polka dots, colors
Stripe	line road stripeszebra stripes
Stripe	long, narrow, rectangle,different colour, different texture, clothes, military rank
Stripe	bar, pattern, used on US flag, 
Stripe	
Stripe	On a car
Stripe	design on a shirt or sweater, a single line in a mass solid of another color.
Stripe	a mark a different color than the rest of a thing, there can be multiple or only one, it is generally a line of some sort
Stripe	a vertical or horizontal solid color found between two pieces of a different color
Stripe	line that goes across an object. example=lines on a zebra
Stripe	line across mono-tone background, can go in any direction
Stripe	Long, thick, thin, short, can be painted, can be drawn, can be mimicked, easy to draw, straight
Stripe	clothing. mark. street. 
Stripe	long, can be thick, line, on a flag, red and white
Stripe	zebra ,ref, car , finish line, different color 
Stripe	Vertical or horizontal, goes strait, has an angle of 180 degrees 
Stripe	parallel lines, or an animal print, Zebras and tigers have stripes, shirts can have stripes, could be a line of paint on a wall
Stripe	Plaid, socks, clothes, tape
Stripe	candy cane, shirt, the 90's, colors, alternating, patterns, straight, line, long,common
Stripe	a zebra, makes things really clear
Stripe	roads, lines, shirts, 
Stripe	used in a design and pattern, found a zebra, can be used as decoration, keeps traffic in line and organized, used on bulletin  boards
Stripe	a line of some sort that gives detail to an object.
Stripe	checkers, peppermint, candy stripes, clothes, zebras, 
Stripe	A form of decoration, usually used on cars to make the vehicle look quicker or to attract girls, A stripe could be a marker of a bad grade or a bad deed, used by teachers or figures in power, A stripe can also be used in a hairstyle. 
Stripe	Straight
Stripe	a pattern, patterns on animals.
Stripe	design, pattern
Stripe	a streak or mark
Stripe	a line that differs in color or texture as the surrounding area.
Stripe	band of color, parallel lines, straight lines
Stripe	bold, dark
Stripe	
Stripe	stripes on zebra, sport referee's shirt, stripped snake
Stripe	horizontal, vertizal, on shirts, on skirts, on shoes, paper, bedding. 
Stripe	down the middle of the road, popular shirt design, used in parking lots
Stripe	zebra, prison clothes, paint, race car
Stripe	can be horizontal or vertical, 13 of them on the American flag, a pattern used in clothing design, can be thick or thin
Stripe	is a line, 
Stripe	look bad if worn horizontally, not many can pull of, hard to wear.
Stripe	pattern, a type of bass, all over clothing, candy canes, american flag
Stripe	line that represents something
Stripe	referees, tigers, is on many clothing apparel, 
Stripe	zebra, sumbol, pattern
Stripe	a thick line pattern, used on flags, 
Stripe	zebra, referee, paint
Stripe	zebra, highways, yellow, long and narrow
Stripe	a thick line that goes across an object
Stripe	zebra, refs, coaches, sports, shirts
Stripe	is a line, can be thick or thin, several of these are on the U.S. flag
Stripe	long, narrow, different color, seen on cars or walls, horizontal or vertical
Stripe	Stripe is many things. What comes to mind is the stripes on animals. Zebra's have stripes, tigers have stripes. It is 2 different colors that are parralell lines next to each other.
Stripe	line, colorful
Stripe	a color stripe, red stripe, racing stripe used on cars
Stripe	A narrow band usually with colors.
Stripe	
Stripe	zebra, paint, some cars have stripes
Thread	used with a needle to sew something
Thread	sew, to hold things together, many colors, makes clothes, silk worms, solf, rough, craft
Thread	Sewing, stitching up holes in clothes, thimble, prick, needle, eye of the needle, sewing machine, grandma sewing up clothes
Thread	yarn, sew, life, thin, thick, scarf, string, clothing, hole, tear, ripp, pull, needle, sewing machine, colorful, loose, break, pop
Thread	Needle and thread, string
Thread	A strand of fabric material sewn together with like fabric to create a piece of clothing
Thread	forum, online, string, clothing, fabric, sweatshop
Thread	used in sewing. holds together pieces of fabric or forms a hem. comes in all colors and several materials.
Thread	is used to make clothes, can be a string of internet posts, can sew with.
Thread	a substance made to stitch
Thread	a substance used to stitch, also a way of communication on a website
Thread	tiny material woven into a string. it can be used to sew closed rips in clothing
Thread	needle, sew, ripped clothes, cloth
Thread	stitchessewing machine
Thread	used to make clothes, used for sewing, different lenghts,different colours,tying things together,different textures like cotton or silk
Thread	yarn, part of clothing, soft, flexible, 
Thread	
Thread	thin, wound
Thread	string used for sewing, a saying to get something in a tight spot, goes through a needle hole, many fibers weaved together, small, smooth or rough, semstresses use it, makes fabric, fairly weak.
Thread	small string used for sewing, wound tightly on a spool
Thread	what goes through the eye of a needle, used to sew material together, often used to repair buttons
Thread	a strand of a thin material object like a hair or string
Thread	string, can be woven from many substances such as cotton, multi-colored, used to sew clothing, make jewelry.
Thread	long, thin, string, sewing, needle, clothing, knitting, blanket, scarves
Thread	can be use to make things. sewing. pieces of fabric spunn together.
Thread	thin, needle, has different colors to it, find in clothes
Thread	small, sewing , colorful , imported, 
Thread	Like a string, used to make clothes.  Used with a needle to make articles of clothing 
Thread	string, used for sewing, name for discussion on online forums
Thread	Sewing, fourm, clothes
Thread	thin, string, stitch, mend, colorful, blankets
Thread	clothes, comes from sheep, needs a needle
Thread	sewing, string, colors
Thread	used with a needle in sewing, a conversation on a blog or facebook
Thread	a sown piece of line
Thread	cloth, clothes,
Thread	A thin fabric used in making clothing, used on the internet as a very popular topic of discussion, to stitch a fabric in and out with a needle. 
Thread	Small, stringy, functional
Thread	used to sew and knit, a way to view things
Thread	is used to make clothes, can be drawn through a needle, thin
Thread	used in knitting, an way to fit something specifically in a small area.
Thread	used to sew and repair clothing. composes clothing. 
Thread	is a piece of string, a continuous link, used to sew
Thread	string, sewing, needle, list of comments
Thread	
Thread	threading a needle, sewing a button with needle and thread
Thread	comes in many colors, used in sewing, keeps clothes looking sharp, used for embroidering material.
Thread	and needle, used for sewing, what clothes are made from, a text conversation 
Thread	needle, sewing, sewing machine, clothes, patch
Thread	goes with a needle, string, many colors, cut by scissors, holds fabric together
Thread	is string
Thread	string, carrying along, holding together, tying, knots, friendship braclets, loose, hanging, dangling
Thread	makes up clothing, synthetic and natural, small piece, 
Thread	weave, yarn
Thread	small piece of string, computer term, 
Thread	sewing, clothes, clothes,needle
Thread	used to make clothes, a needle is put on the thread, thread is very small string
Thread	string, sowing, shoe lace
Thread	sewing, stiching, creating, developing, used to make clothing
Thread	piece of string
Thread	sewing, needles, home economics, sewing machine, mice
Thread	Used to sew things together, can be many different colors, very thin material
Thread	Used with needle, sewing, women and old ladies use to sew.
Thread	Thread is used to sew. You put it though a needle and you can sew clothes, blankets, and much more.
Thread	String, discussion, woven
Thread	a computer thread to allow a link, needle and thread, a piece of string or something used to stitch clothing .
Thread	A long small piece of material used to bind things. 
Thread	
Thread	sewing, making clothes
Trees	grown in the ground, green leaves that change color and fall in the fall/winter. brown trunk
Trees	green, pine, smells, allgeries, changes in fall, oxygen, carbon, many colores,
Trees	leaves, squirrels, nuts, acorns, fruit, sycamore, pine, weeping willow, green, shade, photosynthesis, oxygen, fresh air, forest, paper,
Trees	green, christmas, squirrel, paper, money, hugger, Kuala, tall, wood, green, red, yellow, fall, bark, roots, forest, park, bridge, trunk, table, chair, clogs, floor, door, cabin, stand, hunting, woods, picnic
Trees	Green, tall, leaves, roots, outside, shade, change colors, bark, trunk, 
Trees	Plant life located everywhere on the earth, home to many animal species, representative of seasonal changes in the earth's weather 
Trees	green, brown, bark, tall, trunk, rough, dirt, leaves,
Trees	is a plant. has brown bark, branches, and leaves. sometimes there is fruit grown on the branches. roots anchor it in soil. creates food using photosynthesis. helps to produce oxygen. needs water, soil, oxygen, and sunshine to survive. many different species. 
Trees	undergoes photosynthesis, provide oxygen and cleanse carbon dioxide for the world, are hard, can tell age by rings, brown, green, 
Trees	a plant, usually with leaves and bark
Trees	a plant, usually with leaves and bark
Trees	thick fibrous plants that help filter carbon into oxygen. this is a process called photosynthesis. 
Trees	bark, green, forrest, leaves, apples
Trees	have barkhave trunkgrow talllive for many yearsprovide shade
Trees	has leaves, has a trunk, has roots, carries out photosynthesis,produces oxygen, a source of food, fruits, a natural resource, used to make paper, undergo deforestation, wood, a source of fuel
Trees	plants, woody, have brown bark, green leaves or needles, tall, grow in forests, many produce nuts and fruits, provide wind breaks on farms, produce oxygen, harvested for lumber, paper,
Trees	
Trees	green, brown, tall
Trees	usually green, can be tall, can be short, fat, skinny, old, young, grow out of the ground, talked to Pocahantus, cut down for wood and fuel, home to many animals, help fight global warming, create food for people and animals to eat, provide shelter and stability.
Trees	nature, tall standing strong, have leaves and branches, leaves fall off in winter
Trees	provide oxygen; have leaves; have bark; are homes to insects, birds, and animals; can be deciduous, conifer, or fruit-bearing 
Trees	plant that grows from the ground into a large wooden leaf covered plant that makes oxygen out of CO2
Trees	tall, plant, leaves, flowers, fruit, brown, green leaves, read leaves, brown leaves, allergies, has roots, trunk, branches, lives many years
Trees	large, green, leafy, fall, brown, twigs, branches, wind, sway, small
Trees	They have bark. They can be big or small. they can be green. produce oxygen. grow in the ground. can be used for building material. Can be used for paper.
Trees	tall, bark, wood, leaves, brown, and green
Trees	green, shady, food ,apples 
Trees	Living things, energy comes from sun light, many things can grow from trees apples, wall nuts, sweet gum balls.  Big brown and green.  During the fall they turn many different colors 
Trees	large plants, have roots deep in the Earth, leaves, sometimes bloom flowers, made into paper, many of them make a forest, can bear fruits or nuts, renewable resource
Trees	Leaves, birds, wood, forest, nature
Trees	oxygen, Nature, grand, green, women, leaves, longevity, silent, home, animals, resource, food, everywhere
Trees	produce oxygen, are green, change colors and lose leaves
Trees	oxygen branches leaves
Trees	allows humans to breathe, contain leaves, branches, and trunks, make paper, help keep the earth "green," needed in the everyday life, provide a breeze
Trees	How God gave us oxygen, beauty and diverse outlooks.
Trees	pine, elm, walnut, sassafras, 
Trees	A plant that provides oxygen in the environment, grows from a small seed, is cut down by men for uses in fire, lumber and other sources of needed nourishment. 
Trees	Tall, green, leafy, brown 
Trees	brown trunks, green leaves in spring and summer, red/yellow in fall. People cut too many down. provide oxygen, protection for animals. live long and old, look god in backyards
Trees	have leaves, living, release oxygen and carbon dioxide, tall, have roots, have branches, plant, food for animals, shelter for animals, produce fruits
Trees	arbor, tall plants with leafs or needles on them
Trees	forests. supply oxygen. reduces global warming. paper. homes for many animals.
Trees	are plants, are made of wood, have leaves or needles, produce fruit, produce seeds, produce nuts, produce sap, are homes to birds, are homes to squirrels, are in forests, make up wooded areas, used to make wooden items, have a trunk, have branches
Trees	can make a forrest, tall, bark covered, has leaves in spring thru late fall, provide oxygen
Trees	
Trees	forest, furniture, floors, paper, pencils
Trees	tons of different kinds, pine tree is very common during christmas, everywhere, good for the earth, nature, leaves fall.
Trees	made of wood, usually brown, sometimes white, die during the winter, has leaves, green leaves, red leaves, yellow leaves, used for lumber, used for paper, tall, short, used for fire wood
Trees	leaves, branches, brown, bark, green, oxygen, twig
Trees	have leaves or pines, acorns and other nuts, give us oxygen, beautiful, homes for animals
Trees	is a plant, has leaves, has bark, is life
Trees	green, leaves, fall, changing, pretty, treehouses, red, orange, big, tall, strong.
Trees	produce oxygen, intakes carbon dioxide, many types, used for heat in the winter, green leaves in summer and multi colored in fall, hard and soft wood, forests
Trees	big, tall, green
Trees	provide oxygen, are tall, are green, have leaves, have branches, change color, are big and small, have many varieties 
Trees	leaves, nature, fields
Trees	tall plants that cover a lot of the earth, have leaves, drop their leaves in the fall, provide oxygen, humans use them to make paper, wood, homes
Trees	pine, leaves, oak, wood
Trees	abundant, paper, fire wood, can be cut down, very tall
Trees	a plant that grows tall out of the ground with branches and leaves, can be a home to many animals
Trees	green, big, acorns, squirrells
Trees	is a plant, has leaves, can be various different types, usually green and brown but can be different colors, has roots, performs photosynthesis
Trees	hard, many different sizes, brown bark, found all around the earth, leaves can change colors
Trees	Trees are big tall things with leaves. They help us breath oxygen and without them we would die. Animals also use trees as places to sleep.
Trees	Tall, stoic.
Trees	are in forests , big plant, chlorophyll is in their leaves, grow tall, have bark on them, and are cut down to produce heat in a fire
Trees	A wood structure that grows in soil and extends up. 
Trees	
Trees	forest, yard, outside, tall, short, there are many different types
Weave	fake hair.   also 3 man weave in basketball. or a basket weave
Weave	indian, basket, to hold something, rough to the touch, many colors, easy to ruin, can be strong to hold things, history, part of cultures, mayas, holds fish, craft
Weave	basket weaving, driving a car and weaving in and out of traffic, spiders weaving a web, indians weaving baskets, grandma weaving a sweaer
Weave	hair, scarf, black, spider, web, loom, traffic, dodging, people, spin, 
Weave	Basket, hair
Weave	A strand, a gathering of different elements intertwined into one strand 
Weave	curvy, merge, lace, intertwine, not straight, combine, hair,
Weave	the way thread is twisted and braided in a pattern. creates clothes, rugs, fabric. created with a loom or by hand.
Weave	to bob in and out, to mesh together
Weave	moving into between objects
Weave	to move in between objects
Weave	to go in and out of a straight line 
Weave	basket, hair, build, hobby
Weave	found on a basketbraiding hair
Weave	a pattern in clothes, artifical hair attached to natural hair, 
Weave	property, or style, of hair; not straight, used in crochet, can describe bad driving
Weave	
Weave	In a basket, in hair
Weave	working through a crowd, make clothes, players weave through a defense to score, semstresses weave to make clothes in a shop, a black person's hair that is usually pulled during a fight, overlapping different layers of something to create a better product such as a bascket or sweater.
Weave	is an action, something that creates something else, can use string or other materials
Weave	is fake hair, is often associated with African Americans
Weave	braiding two strands of material in purpose to make a blanket or other piece of clothing material
Weave	a pattern made with a type of thread, colorful, 
Weave	Hair, extensions, indian practice, kind of like sewing, make baskets, make blankets, make clothing
Weave	to join two oblects together in a pattern.
Weave	to go in and out, wool, form by interlacing threads
Weave	old lady ,yarn, crossover
Weave	A verb to describe motion such as weave in and out, weave is a technique used to make things such as baskets, chairs.
Weave	a pattern such as in baskets, a movement through things, an action of moving through a crowd, hair piece
Weave	Hair, basket, crowds
Weave	hair, basket, pattern, stitch
Weave	is on a head, is a basket type, is a running pattern
Weave	to sew, go in and out, traffic
Weave	something that is worn by most African American women, they can come in different colors and styles, used to make baskets, a way of maneuvering your way around traffic
Weave	moving in and out.
Weave	hair, basket,  
Weave	A crafty way to make baskets, where people weave the materials over and under eachother to make a firm barrier for their basket, can also be used to make scarfs or other crafts with fabric. 
Weave	Basket, braided, zigzag
Weave	to go in and out of, back and forth, you weave when you knit, twisting and turning from side to side.
Weave	locked, pattern
Weave	an braid with thread or hair. an action used by basketball players.
Weave	fake hair. one weaves on a loom. complicated practice.
Weave	interlace, winding, zigzag, is a hair style, baskets, tell a tale, braid, wrap
Weave	to pull thru as in fabric, back & forth or side to side
Weave	
Weave	pieces of hair, different kinds of textiles on a loom, beautiful pieces of artwork, to form by interlacing textiles
Weave	weave hair, weave a basket. 
Weave	how you make a basket, what you do in traffic when late, in an obstacle course
Weave	baskets, clothes, weave of absence
Weave	"three-man weave", a hair accessory
Weave	is a hair piece, what you do to make baskets
Weave	The Divine Weaver, threading us togehter, holding everything in balance, learning to live with other people, sewing, 
Weave	is a pattern, is what you do when making a basket or blanket, is dodging an obstacle, can be done by people
Weave	in and out, hair
Weave	used often in sports as an offensive attack, a hairstyle, baskets,
Weave	hair, movement
Weave	a zig zag pattern, a way to do hair, going back and forth, to and fro
Weave	basket, interlace, fabric
Weave	An action, swerving, hair, crafts, layered,done when driving through traffic, erratic, fast paced
Weave	to move in and out of, african american people use weaves for hair
Weave	baskets, hair, designs
Weave	Is a type of sewing, procedure used to create things, some people use this in their hair
Weave	crossing paths, could be a sewing technique, used by animals, frequent in sports games
Weave	Weave is a word to describe fake hair that african americans use. It helps their hair grown and look longer.
Weave	To go back and forth
Weave	is to make a braid out of something, hair, three, braid, basket weaving
Weave	Is a type of hair braid that women use. Most of the time it is used by African Americans.
Weave	
Weave	hair, basket
Why	a question.  one of the reporters questions who what where when why how
Why	question, wondering, curious, not understanding, kid stage, learning
Why	is a question word, someone wondering about something, trying to figure things out, asking a question, curiosity, little kids ask this a lot, someone trying to reach a new level of knowledge
Why	question, cheating, skeptical, death, murder, 
Why	Question, explination
Why	A question
Why	question,unsure, confused
Why	a question to understand reasoning. 
Why	the reason for
Why	a question to determine the reasoning for an action
Why	dtermines reasoning for an action
Why	a question, manly to ask the importance of a statement 
Why	question, not understanding something, things happen, death
Why	question how come
Why	a question
Why	used as a question, inquisitive term, results from curiosity, seeks a purpose and/or reason
Why	
Why	.jpg
Why	question, something you say to annoy people, inquires about certain things.
Why	a question that is asked to explain something to someone, can sometimes be a difficult question to answer
Why	is a question, is sometimes unanswerable, is used to seek explanation
Why	question as to the purpose of some event or object
Why	that reasoning behind something
Why	a question, por que, an answer
Why	to question
Why	how come, wondering
Why	question,how come, wanting explanation,
Why	A question word, used to find out more, if something does not make sense we use the word why to ask someone to explain it to us
Why	A question, looking for the reason behind something, questioning the motive, explaining that something happened because of another action
Why	Why not?, question
Why	question, because, understanding, lack of understanding, rebellious, thinking, life
Why	because I said so.
Why	a question, or explination
Why	one of the five W's, usually asked in short answer opinion questions, a common questions asked by little children
Why	a question that can be answered in many ways 
Why	is a question, 
Why	Science, theories, religion, pondering, lack of knowledge on a subject, questioning. 
Why	Because
Why	a question to ask to get answers.
Why	question, lost
Why	used when asking a question to explain or expand on something
Why	questioning behavior, usually do to displeasure.
Why	is a question, questions reasoning, questions purpose, is a reason, is a purpose
Why	question, curiousity
Why	
Why	questions, wondering, searching, research, crying, laughter
Why	because I said so, kids love to ask this question.
Why	something that is asked, when wanting to know something
Why	question, good to ask, ability to know
Why	something kids ask often, que
Why	is a great question,
Why	who, what, where, when, how, reasons, lack of reasons, arguments, sorry.
Why	question, curious, trouble, little kids, students, pursuit of knowledge, natural
Why	asking for understanding
Why	questioning, used to complain often, 
Why	reason for, how come?
Why	question asked that warrants a "because" when something needs an explanation, we ask "why"
Why	question, reason, 
Why	question, wanting to know more, curiosity, wondering 
Why	a question
Why	why not?
Why	is a question
Why	Wanting to know why something is done, asked by children a lot, curiosity, used by humans 
Why	Why is a very common question asked in today's world. When you ask why, you are asking for explanation about a certain subject. You ask it when you are confused or don't fully understand something.
Why	Excuses, for what reason
Why	a question, who when why how, reason for something
Why	What reason.
Why	
Why	question, wondering, asking 
Woman	female, opposite of man/male.  mother, grown girl.
Woman	over 18, female, underappreatied at times, man's equal, what was made out of Adam's rib
Woman	beautiful, talk a lot, fun, mom, girlfriend, business, cooking
Woman	pissy, vagina, boobs, birth, child, mother, hair, make-up, jewelry, beautiful, strong, heels, hers, sympathetic, loving, sex, girl, old, female, bikini. bra, thong, panties, shaven, legs, nail polish, expensive
Woman	Feminine, curves, shorter, long hair, mother, breasts, dressy, makeup,
Woman	Beauty, life, instigator, inspiration, a human being, an opposite, an attraction, good or evil
Woman	wife, lady, girl, mom, aunt, grandma
Woman	female human. opposite of man. has female anatomy.
Woman	female, makes babies, cooks, cleans, has boobs
Woman	female
Woman	a person who is female, usually older
Woman	female homosapien who carry and nurture children 
Woman	female, older, mature
Woman	girlmotherdaughterparent workscooks
Woman	opposite sex of males, an older female, mature,lady, mother,daughter,
Woman	usually describes mature females, higher pitched voice, usually perceived with long hair
Woman	
Woman	an adult, female
Woman	roughly 50% of the worlds population, person who gives birth to children, usually the housekeeper, until the 60s was seen as inferior to a man, don't like many jokes about themselves, can be self-concious about things, are very confusing, often do things for no reason just to get a reaction.
Woman	female human, is a mamal, characterized to mate with men, adult,
Woman	is a mother, is a daughter, is a sister, is an aunt, is a grandmother, is a friend, was made from man, is a nurturer, bears children
Woman	female adult, gives birth to children, mates with males
Woman	Female, mature, breasts, vagina, pregnancy, feminine, long hair, pretty, delicate, motherly, sexual
Woman	man, delicate but strong, bears children, nurturing, loving, caring, mother, sister, daughter
Woman	Gender. mammal. walks. talks. breasted. 
Woman	an older girl, beautiful, mature
Woman	older girl, mom
Woman	Woman are lovely and beautiful.  Most of them typically have long hair.  Woman are the birth givers.    
Woman	born with XX chromosomes, human being, gives birth to children
Woman	Mother, child, wife, female, friend, girlfriend, sister
Woman	Vagina, myself, pain, mother, long hair, beauty, strength, moody, crazy, eve, cute, high pitched voices, dainty, childbearing, caring, emotional, control
Woman	rights, respect, love, hate, menopause 
Woman	hair, beauty, feminine, boobs, strong, smart
Woman	opposite of man, births a baby, attracted to men, a female, could be a wife, a middle-aged female
Woman	A human with certain physical differences than a man.
Woman	man, babies, 
Woman	One of God's first creations, a female human who is 20 years or older, bringer of life, mother, sister, grandmother, spouse, wife. 
Woman	Mother, daughter, feminine
Woman	a beautiful God made sex, has babies, can be complicated.
Woman	female, girlfriend, awesome
Woman	adult female
Woman	female gender. mother. 
Woman	is female, has ovaries, has breasts, gives birth, has smaller vocal chords, is human, has two X chromosomes
Woman	female, post-puberty
Woman	
Woman	mom, sister, wife, strong, faithful, friend
Woman	older version of a girl, grown, nice, kind.
Woman	is a female, wears make up, wears high heels, have high pitched voices, different anatomy from men
Woman	kitchen, love, opposite sex, long hair, lipstick, make up, 
Woman	female, a gender, has a lot of feelings, has periods, carry purses, wear uncomfortable shoes, puts makeup on their face, sometimes irrational, girly
Woman	is beautiful, is not a man, 
Woman	me, my mother, womanhood, body parts, takes a lot, tough, 
Woman	if a true woman, then kind, man's other half, beauty, warmth, awesome mom if has kids, sweet, strong, deserves great treatment and respect
Woman	always right
Woman	has long hair, wears make up, shops, has babies, not hairy
Woman	female, lady
Woman	female, wife,
Woman	girl, mother, daughter, bathroom
Woman	girl, mother, daughter,emotional, organized, various shapes and sizes,comforting, caring, considerate
Woman	a human-being, opposite of a man, matured
Woman	girls, drama, heartfelt, beautiful, sensitive
Woman	is a female, opposite of male, can reproduce
Woman	human, small, boobs, vagina, attractive, interesting.
Woman	A woman is a female. The opposite sex of a male. A woman has babies and has interest in things such as cooking and gardening.
Woman	Female, child bearer, mother's love.
Woman	Not a male, typically long hair, older than a girl
Woman	An adult who has women tendency's. Usually acts proper manner. 
Woman	
Woman	mother, moody, friendly
Yellow	color of the rainbow in between red and orange. color of school buses, bananas, lemons, etc.
Yellow	bright, sun, flower, color, happy 
Yellow	stoplight, school bus, sun, bright, happy, kindergarten, fun, mellow yellow, 
Yellow	urine, highlighter, marker, vanilla cake, banana, post-it notes,vacuum, duck, lemon
Yellow	Sun, crayon, bright, macaroni and cheese, 
Yellow	A color, bright, usually used to denote light in a picture or drawing, a feeling of sickness, color used to depict a coward or someone with cowardly intentions
Yellow	bus, sun warm, light, daytime
Yellow	is a color. the sun is yellow. is a primary color. used to make orange.
Yellow	pee, bees, flowers, summer, the sun
Yellow	a light color
Yellow	a light color
Yellow	a color in the light spectrum.
Yellow	sun, sunflower, carmex, corn, pinapple, bright, happy
Yellow	colorsuncolor or a rubber duckycorn color
Yellow	a bright colour, represents the sun, represents warmth, usual colour of a smily face, traffic light colour, prime colour, egg yolk
Yellow	a color, taxis and schoolbusses, desriptor
Yellow	
Yellow	bright, loud
Yellow	bright, sign of liver disease, the happy color, the yield sign of a stoplight, stands for caution, often the color of a school bus and construction vehicles, part of the rainbow colors.
Yellow	a color, one of the primary colors, associated with sun and sunlight, a warm color, 
Yellow	is a color, is bright, indicates 'yield,' is the color of the sun, is happy
Yellow	one of the primary colors on the color wheel. the sun is a well known example
Yellow	color, warm color, bright color, close to white, one of the shades that fire can be, the color of the sun
Yellow	Color, sunshine, bright, happy, vibrant, exciting, stressful color, 
Yellow	color. primary. 
Yellow	color of the sun, bright, can be fleuorescent
Yellow	pee, crayon, shirt, black and yellow
Yellow	Color of the sun, taxi cabs, dandy lions, cheese
Yellow	a primary color, warm, bright, cheerful
Yellow	Orange, sun, happy, stars, Woodstock, bus, primary color
Yellow	color, sun, bright, pretty, happiness, bananas, natural, good, sick, fever, skin, leaves in autumn, primary color, compliments purple
Yellow	submarine, is a color, is simple, is happy
Yellow	color, bees, flowers
Yellow	a color, the third color in a rainbow, made if green and blue are mixed together,the color of a school bus
Yellow	a color on the spectrum
Yellow	sunny, bright, 
Yellow	Is a color that is bright, warm, primary color. used during Easter, as it is a color representing new life, used by expecting parents to decorate the babies' room when they don't know the sex, yellow is usually a color used to represent happiness and light. 
Yellow	Sunny, sunflower, warm, banana
Yellow	a color, a mixable color, color our sun appears to us in, color of school buses, color used for penalty in sports like football, soccer, and NASCAR
Yellow	black, bright, sun
Yellow	a color
Yellow	bright, happy, joyous.
Yellow	is a primary color, is a pigment, is the complementary color of blue
Yellow	yellow, color, sun, spectrum, bee
Yellow	
Yellow	yellow cake, yellow squash, yellow cars/trucks, yellow tomatoes, the sun
Yellow	flowers, birds, sun, bees, happy face, big bird, slow down
Yellow	a color, after orange in the rainbow, a warm color, the color of yield signs, the color of school buses
Yellow	bee, happy color, sun, kill bill, ducks
Yellow	bright, happy, the color of the sun flowers and smiley faces, a primary color, the opposite of purple
Yellow	is cowardly, is weak
Yellow	sun, happiness, bright.
Yellow	sun, daisys, big bird, bright, colorful, caution, 
Yellow	color, bees, bus
Yellow	taxis, bright, noticeable, caution, often on road sides, school buses
Yellow	bannana, color, sun
Yellow	a bright color, the color of the sun. blonde, when mixed with the color red, it makes orange
Yellow	color, taxi, banana,
Yellow	The sun, mustard, school bus, caution, happiness 
Yellow	a primary color on the color wheel
Yellow	duck,daisy sunflower, big bird crayon makers chicks highlighter sticky notes bananas
Yellow	is a color, part of the rainbow, the sun is this color
Yellow	Color, sunshine, vibrant
Yellow	Yellow is a bright color. The sun is yellow, pikachu is yellow. It is just a color that people can imagine what they are seeing when they hear.
Yellow	Color, song by Coldplay, bright, flamboyant 
Yellow	used in yield sign, slow down on a stop light, color, used on burts bees chapstick
Yellow	A yellow color.
Yellow	
Yellow	rubber ducks, sun, light bulb
