Arms	Upper limbs, appendages, used to hold things, attached to the ventral body cavity, attached to hands, used for hugging
Arms	human body part, parts of a lift
Arms	Upper appendages, used for the common embrace, used for balance and holding things
Arms	appendages from the upper part of the trunk, humerus radius and ulna, every human has two
Arms	are useful, are long, are short, are strong, i have 2, are very important
Arms	composed of elboes, wrists, and hands, are important to primates, great for punching, weapons
Arms	are a body part, are connected to your hands, can lift heavy objects, humans are reliant on them, help us in our everyday lives
Arms	toned, useful, pull ups, writing, gestures, holding hands, excersise
Arms	arms are a part of the body. they are made up of many muscles. when i hear arms, i think of flexing, big muscles, lifting, hair, and dancing.
Arms	a body part, symmetrical, muscular, grows hair, covered with skin, moves voluntarily, joint at elbow, connected to shoulder and hand, bones  
Arms	with arms wide open, biceps, triceps, forearms
Arms	have bones, haves skin and tissues, used for mobility, used for everyday activities
Arms	connected to hands, jointed.
Arms	a way to grab things, used for balance, used in a hug
Arms	Right to bear arms. Guns and weapons allowed by the US government. Sometimes illegal, dangerous, requires responsibility.
Arms	on the human body, have muscles, used to move around, have nerves, moved by the brain, fast twitch muscles, connected to the shoulder and the hands
Arms	are part of the human body, there are two, they are used every day, they are attacted to hands, the are strong, they can be broken they have skin on them, they can mean guns
Arms	body part, guns
Arms	are on bodys, used to lift things
Arms	
Arms	contain bones muscles and tendons, attached to the mid section of the body, hangs on the sides of a human. used for lifting, writing, and pretty much any everyday task. attached to the arms are hands and fingers.
Arms	connected to hands, enables reaching for things, long, hairy, bends at elbow
Arms	a part of the body, or weapons such as guns
Arms	limbs, helps us function, needed for everyday tasks, sports
Arms	is a part of the body, useful in reaching, can be taken granted for, makes everday tasks easier, is flexible, connected to hands and shoulder
Arms	connected to your torso 
Arms	part of the appendicular skeleton, consist of the humerous, radius, ulna, carpels, and philanges, 
Arms	upper appendages not used prmarily for walking or traveling, may have hands an fingers for utility, used for manipulating the enviroment, moving and picking up things
Arms	long, hands, fingers
Arms	 sleeves, appendage, shirt, hands, fingers
Arms	two appendages coming out the sides of your chest, your hands are attached to them, they're pretty useful for getting stuffcan also be "up in arms" meaning you are upset 
Arms	are long, have hands
Arms	weapons, body part
Arms	Appendage on the human body used for reaching, climbing, signing, dancing, rowing. Most people have two of these and they are extremely useful when swimming or doing most any sport.
Arms	strong, muscles, bisceps, fingers, arms race, nuclear missiles, guns, legs, body parts, 
Arms	Arms are the part of the body attached to the torso. Associated bones are the radius, ulna, and humerus.  They are used for grabbing, hugging, and lifting.
Arms	is a body part, made of skin, pores, freckles, hair, shoulder, elbow, wrist, hands, fingers, bones, joints
Arms	are weapons, are a body part are attached to the chest and the hands, are used for reaching, are good for hugs, are used for waving, bipedal animals have them
Arms	apendages in the upper body, attached to the torso, used to bend and obtain objects, attached to hands and allow them to be used more dexterily, limbs, short for referring to the armed forces
Arms	most humans have two. part of the body
Arms	a part of the body, on the human we have 2, on animals can have more than 2, contains the elbow, wrist, and shoulder, can have hair, have different lengths, used to pick up items or for balance, located at the upper half of body
Arms	are structures of anatomy, used to do many things in life
Arms	Arms
Arms	hands, part of the body, to grab, movement
Arms	lateral projections off of the superior trunk of the body, attached to the body by muscles and tendons, attached to hands at the most proximal end. extentions used in conjunction with hands to reach and grab objects a distance away, composed of bones and skin and muscle and nerve and tendon
Arms	fingers, nails, two, elbow, reach, grab
Arms	Not legs. branches. more than two sometimes. militant. strategic.
Arms	limbs of animals, trees, any branch of an object, weapons
Arms	long and lanky, flexible, have veins skin blood digits and much more. allow for dexterity in hands, nerves
Arms	a limb, used to pick up and move things
Arms	appendages
Arms	used for holding and grabbing things, are attached to the shoulders, have bones and muscles, help guide the hands, are very important for everyday life
Arms	connected to the body, elbows in the middle, hands at the end, fingers at the end of the hands, elbows bend in one direction, five fingers on each hand, used to carry things, write, drive cars, type
Arms	used to carry things, to throw things, can be black, white, red, and yellow.  Used to balance the body, used to perform everday activities, used to cook, clean, and wrtie.  Can be used to communicate
Arms	noun--appendages on the body and also weapons.  Arms on the body, help balance, hold things, maneuver in space.
Arms	body part, climbing, lifting weights, fighting, long
Arms	weapons, human parts for moving objects
Arms	extend from the shoulders, are used to grab things, are used everyday, physical characteristic, can be used in sports, cooking, or any physical activity 
Arms	appendage
Arms	muscle, elbow, long, length. 
Arms	limbs, weapons, human, metal, bullets, protection, security, appendages, born with them
Arms	body part attatched to upper body that is used to to small tasks,
Arms	appendages to a torso, or another name for weapons
Arms	
Arms	are weapons, are used by armies, are necessary, are used to kill, are used for protection
Arms	parts of the body that are attached between the shoulder and the hands, weapons.
Arms	hands, two, octopus, weapons,
Arms	body parts, usually come in pairs, come in varying lengths, can be strong, can be weak, useful tools, help balance
Arms	limbs of the body located in the upper half, contains bicepts and tricepts, has finger located at the end
Arms	Hang off of people shoulders. Young males like to try and make them big. Have veins. Are attached to your hands.
Arms	appendages, skin, hands
Arms	bodily extremity, most people have two, two kinds: right or left, has a hand at the end, bends at the elbow, rifles handguns and other types of firearms. 
Arms	is long
Arms	guns and appendages; right to bear arms in the Constitution; arms attach hands to the rest of our bodies - hands are basically what let us do all the things that humans do - use tools, do fine arts, build things
Arms	
Arms	muscular, lift things, 
Arms	weapons, skin, long, hands, human, body, blood, heavy
Arms	appendages on the upper part of the human torso; weapons
Arms	extentiontions off someones body, extentions off the body of something, human arms made of bone muscle and skin, adult arms typically have small hairs on them
Arms	apendages, hands, wrist, elbow, shoulder
Arms	are guns, are body parts, flail, 
Basic	Simple, easy, a central idea/principle
Basic	the beginning of a military life. something found on a food box 
Basic	Essential, bare minimum needed to get by
Basic	simple, easy, beginner
Basic	easy, standard, not hard, beginners level
Basic	simple, elemental, simplest unit
Basic	is simple
Basic	easy, simple, not alot to it, dont go outside the box
Basic	is the very minimum amount needed. you have basic necessities which are food, clothes, water, shelter. you go to basic training for the army, where you learn the simple survival methods. 
Basic	simplest form, general, needed to build on
Basic	training, easy, step below intermediate
Basic	"normal", is plain, not out of the ordinary
Basic	Easy.
Basic	the least bit needed, a solution that isn't acidic, not fancy
Basic	Simple and lacking unnecessary parts to it. Keeps things easy to understand and conceptualize.
Basic	not complex
Basic	it is simple, it is easy, it is where everyone starts something new, it is important for a foundation
Basic	trivial, easiest, simple
Basic	normal, not complicated
Basic	
Basic	Elementary. Simple. Easy to understand.
Basic	simple, starting point, beginning level, 
Basic	easy, first step, low level of energy or intelligence needed, something most people should be able to handle,
Basic	simple, easy, plain
Basic	nothing exciting, fundamental
Basic	simple, nothing advanced, babies think in a basic manor
Basic	simple, ordinary
Basic	not complex or advanced, entry level, or easy to figure out
Basic	first
Basic	 training, military, simplest form, the rules
Basic	simple, not always easy, often involve few directions
Basic	the base, fundemental
Basic	short, not intelligent, lowest possible
Basic	level one, not difficult, easy to understand and comprehend
Basic	mundane, simple, no ammenities, limited, cheaper, cable, plain, not spruced up
Basic	Basic refers to something elementary and broken down. It is the most simple explanation of anything.
Basic	simple, cheaper, training, not as many options, instinct
Basic	not complicated, simple, normal, understated
Basic	trivial, staple, norm, casual, concept in which other ideas are constructed
Basic	plain, nothing exciting about it
Basic	plain, average, dull, the first skill you would learn, not overdone
Basic	adjective, used to describe something simple or easy
Basic	Basic
Basic	easy, elementary
Basic	simple, does not require a great amount of knowledge or thought
Basic	primary, fundamental, easy, 
Basic	Elementary. Staple. needed to survive. foundation. what to build off of. pushups and running. at Ft. Knox. basic cable is the bare minimum.
Basic	low concentration of hydrogen ions, bottom level of need, the first step or level of any object or undertaking
Basic	plain and simple 
Basic	simple,easy, general information
Basic	simple, easy, innate, minimum level
Basic	easy, not very complicated, 
Basic	fundamental, raw, beginning, easy
Basic	elementary school is this, plain colors are this, foundations are this, black and white photography is this
Basic	Fundamental, getting down to basics, basic needs like food, shelter and clothing, basic decency
Basic	simple, easy, not hard to learn
Basic	normal, not excessive only what is required
Basic	is simple, not detailed or in depth, the minimum, or not acidic, having a pH > 7.
Basic	minimum, standard, simple
Basic	Human Nutrition, abc's, math skills, original, easy.
Basic	original, fundamental, elements, core classes
Basic	something in its most simple form, in chemistry there are basic solution
Basic	the high concentration of hydroxide molocules in a solution, has a pH of above 7
Basic	
Basic	is easy, is cutting out the nonsense
Basic	simple, easy, not complex, cigarette brand
Basic	instinct, stripped down, fundamental
Basic	as a noun it is a simplified high-level language for programming computers
Basic	simple, plain
Basic	simple. Beginning of anything. The start of a thought. One celled organisms.
Basic	plain, base, bottom
Basic	simple, not acidic, first step, 
Basic	is minimalistic
Basic	the first level of anything; boot camp for the military; simple
Basic	
Basic	black and white, everyone knows what to do
Basic	basic training, easy, fun, quick
Basic	easy; not complicated; simple; for beginners; an introduction
Basic	elementary, simple, not complicated
Basic	simple, needed to advance, first steps
Basic	opposite of acidic, uncomplicated, Spartan, simplest form of anything, 
Bit	a tiny piece, a smidge, a short period of time
Bit	drill
Bit	Piece in horse's mouth used for reigning, a small amount of something
Bit	a piece of something, small, crumbly-OR-point of a drill, hard, metal, spins
Bit	a small piece of something, not very much,
Bit	something for a drill, a small portion, something done by teeth, goes in horses mouth
Bit	small amount
Bit	drill, small piece, bitten by something, poisonous, tools
Bit	is a metal piece that goes in a horses mouth. you pull on it to make the horse stop. it is also the small piece that goes in a drill. 
Bit	it is an amount, a small portion of something, to take a part of something, tiny
Bit	drills use them, tough, just a little bit
Bit	is a tiny piece, is littlealso part of a computer chip
Bit	Is a piece of metal used to control a horse, cold, shiny, jointed.
Bit	a drill bit, a piece of something, a small amount
Bit	Not all, a part of a whole. 
Bit	used to ride horses, also called a bridle, goes in their mouth, made out of metal, 
Bit	it done by a spider, hurts, happens from a dog, can get infected, is physical, goes in a horses mouth, is metal
Bit	one or zero, small, 
Bit	is a part of a drill, is more than a lot, past tense of bite
Bit	
Bit	referes to a small amount of a given object
Bit	ate food, pain from insect bites, can be itchy, also refers to horse equipment, 
Bit	a small piece of something such as information, also a computer term
Bit	little, biting, food
Bit	part of a tool, teeth 
Bit	small piece
Bit	a piece of metal, used to control a horse, placed in a horse's mouth, attached to a bridal, controlled by reins
Bit	a device placed in an animals mouth to help control it, a bar with a rope attached to each side
Bit	
Bit	 drill, drilling, diamond, wood, metal, steel, little, small
Bit	goes in a horse's mouth, used for steering, many types, many metals, can also refer to a small amount of something, a "bit" of something
Bit	a short time, a measurment
Bit	small piece, teeth
Bit	small amount, just a pinch, little, tiny, microscopic, can also be a measurement in memory
Bit	a piece, sound bit, edited, of information, small, not extensive
Bit	A bit is a piece of information that a computer uses.
Bit	part of a drill, put in a horse's mouth, made of metal, used to drill holes, used to guide a horse
Bit	is a computer term, has a rate, is a portion of something, is a small amount, is a piece, 
Bit	tad, a piece, past tense of bite, one opens and closes their jaw to pinch or penetrate the skin (past tense)
Bit	a small amount, goes in a horses mouth, an after affect of bite
Bit	goes in a horses mouth, an action that can hurt, can be described as not having a lot
Bit	is an unspecified amount of something, usually refers to small amounts
Bit	Bit
Bit	little, not so much
Bit	made of metal, put into a horse's mouth when ridden, comes in a variety of shapes and sizes, attached to a bridal
Bit	piece, hurt, teeth, tiny, chunk, growl
Bit	ort. small piece. taste. drill attachment. series of jokes.
Bit	small piece of material, object or information, a cutting tool for drilling holes 
Bit	for a horses mouth, made of steel, helps the rider
Bit	got bitten by a dog,used on a drill
Bit	part of a drill
Bit	a small amount of something, used to guide horses, goes in horse's mouth, attached to reins, is metal
Bit	piece, portion, not the full amount, could be referring to information, could be food, small amount, just enough to get the idea of the full thing
Bit	people use this on horses while horsebackriding, can be used to decsribe an amount of time or an amount of an item or object
Bit	small piece, bit of information, bit of truth, bit of bread
Bit	by bit, small amount, bitten by an animal
Bit	a small portion, a part for a drill
Bit	is a small amount, not a lot
Bit	part of a drill, a small amount
Bit	horse bit, bite, little, small amount.
Bit	atom, chip, chunk, small, tiny
Bit	usually means small quantity of something, people may say "i'll be back in a bit" or " I would like a bit of food"
Bit	a small amount
Bit	
Bit	is a piece of metal you put in a horses mouth to make them go the direction you want them to go, is decorational, is functional
Bit	the part of a drill that is round metallic and cuts through different materials. also a small amount of something.
Bit	small amount, a quarter, 
Bit	a small amount, part of the reins that goes in the horses mouth, a metal bar, 
Bit	a small amount, something you can do to someone else with your teeth
Bit	something that an animals does to you if you disturb it. it is used to represent .25 cents or a quarter. something that you put in a drill to make a hole in something. 
Bit	piece
Bit	small part, 
Bit	is hurts.
Bit	horse; riding; usually silver and attached to leather; smells sharp and tangy; associated with cowboys, spurs, etc., or the English riding scene (WASPs and the like)
Bit	
Bit	horse, turn, mean, teeth
Bit	small, computers, crumbs, tiny, short food
Bit	small piece; metal object placed in a horse's mouth to control it while riding
Bit	can be a drill bit, made of metal typically, 
Bit	used in a drill, screw shaped, digs holes
Bit	is a small piece, is smaller than a byte, 
Bravery	People, soldiers, in battle, strength of character
Bravery	to be able to over come trouble, honor
Bravery	Character trait, doing what is right when it is scary
Bravery	to stand up against something without fear or despite fear, heroic, strong, takes guts
Bravery	military, to be strong, have no fear, do the right thing
Bravery	a trait a soldier needs, a toaster in cartoons, an overcompensation of adrenline 
Bravery	is admirable, is putting your life on the line, is being selfless
Bravery	Heroic, battle field, army( any other military duty) super heros, accomplishment
Bravery	is the amount of courage one has to do something scary or life threatening. if you jump off a high cliff, you have bravery. if you lead a war party, you are brave.
Bravery	action, dangerous, consequences, to protect or save, sacrifice, strong, to defend 
Bravery	noble, fearless, firemen, military
Bravery	shows someones character, heroes and soldiers have this
Bravery	 Strength, assurance
Bravery	a personal characteristic, shown in intense or dangerous situations, soldiers, ocuupations where people put their lives at risk, to be not afraid
Bravery	Valor or courage, WW2, power and reward with medals from the government.
Bravery	an emotion, can be displayed, person, animal, 
Bravery	it happens in wars, people have it, it is a feeling, it comes and goes, it is good to have, it impressed others
Bravery	courage, admitting your scared
Bravery	not a coward, to be brave
Bravery	
Bravery	A trait or characteristic of personality where you present courage when fear comes into play. 
Bravery	not standing down, standing firm in one's beliefs, not easily intimidated, 
Bravery	characteristic of some people, implies an action displayed by someone, honorable quality
Bravery	couragageous, not afraid, hero
Bravery	hero, cop, service men and women, person who sticks up for what they believe in, needed to not be afraid to be your own person
Bravery	to act out in a good manner, knights are brave
Bravery	very strong, courageous, not aftraid
Bravery	a positive trait in humans, taking a risk to do something, seen as couragious
Bravery	strong
Bravery	 brave heart, heart, fearless, no whatever whenever
Bravery	facing scary things (objects, people, tasks), you can be scared but still be brave, bravery is respected
Bravery	strong
Bravery	over rated, not humble, something that had to be done
Bravery	Strong, confident, not willing to stand down. Someone who stands up to the majority and is not affaid.Willing to stand up for beliefs or for someone or something. Can be seen in battle as soldiers march down for battle. A mother is often Brave in order to protect her young.
Bravery	courage, troops,  rushing in, disregard for own safety, firefighters , honorable
Bravery	Bravery is courage.  The lion is often referred to as brave, and this is because it will face danger without fear.
Bravery	courage, braveheart, soldiers
Bravery	is an attribute, connotes selflessness, does not include fear, refers to action, is a positive quality
Bravery	risk, defiant, hero, gull, audacity, ready to suffer consequences for a belief or concept
Bravery	strong, courage, not afraid
Bravery	to be heroic, an attribute, an ambition, to have no fear, one who will strive to protect
Bravery	is a characteristic, an act of doing something dangerous without fear
Bravery	Bravery
Bravery	not afraid, shown when saving a person's live, patriotism, for the nation
Bravery	courageous, an act of courage or self sacrifice
Bravery	courage, confident, wizard of oz, standing up
Bravery	Heart. proud. not afraid. know whats right. america. dangerous. fine line to stupidity
Bravery	heroic, performing or having brave characteristics, not daunted 
Bravery	braveheart, to stand alone, 
Bravery	courage, strong willed, honor,determination 
Bravery	admirable trait, quality of a leader, quality of a hero
Bravery	a favorable trait to have, needed for some jobs, a trait many men have, 
Bravery	admirable, willing to do things that might be harmful, fearless, strong
Bravery	used to describe soldiers and people facing huge feats, used to describe people who have done something most people are afraid of, used to describe first time mothers giving birth
Bravery	standing up for beliefs, saving lives, battlefield courage, subduing fears, silent bravery
Bravery	fierce, protector, putting self in danger
Bravery	courageous
Bravery	is a noble thing, a positive characteristic to have, doing something that others might not do, being selfless and putting others first, putting oneself in a dangerous situation for others
Bravery	quality trait, arrogance
Bravery	courage, bold, war vet, soldier, hero.
Bravery	courage, boldness, daring, fearlessness, guts
Bravery	to not be afraid, courage, enables you to avoid fear in the face of danger
Bravery	the act of showing courage, something human prove to have over a life time
Bravery	
Bravery	someone with courage, fights danger, fears little
Bravery	to do something even though it could mean harm to ones self.to fear something and face it anyways.
Bravery	heroics, soldiers, firemen, police, whistleblowers, martyrs, telling the truth, 
Bravery	a courageous act, a noble act, to face danger, lack of fear, a beneficial quality
Bravery	hero, courage, soldier
Bravery	a stoic act. an act that requires someone to take a great risk.
Bravery	honor, trust, loyalty
Bravery	fearless, selfless, does thing for others, 
Bravery	is 
Bravery	purple heart; William Wallace; loving and persevering when it hurts; saving people or countries; standing up for ideals; feels scary but comes from conviction
Bravery	
Bravery	The armed forces, butting the community before yourself, bettering the world
Bravery	brave heart, save, people, overcoming, hard, tuff
Bravery	courage; doing something good when there is potential danger
Bravery	not being afaid to do something, willingness to stick your neck out for something, willingness to risk something for something else, 
Bravery	to be brave, military, courage
Bravery	is courage, is what soldiers have, is doing what's right, is integrity in face of pressure, 
Clothes	Body coverings, attire, apparel, pants, shirt, these prevent you from being naked
Clothes	material you ware. sox, shirt, pants, hat, t-shirts, sweaters.
Clothes	What someone wears on their body, lots of different types, expensive, cheap, casual, classy, modest, provocative
Clothes	cover bodies, expensive, fashion, made of threads, soft, warm
Clothes	are soft, are comfortable, are expensive, keep us warm
Clothes	i wear them, bums need them, girls don't need them
Clothes	are garments worn on your body
Clothes	shopping, laundry, stores, warmth, money, fashion, matching
Clothes	are the objects you wear on your body. shirt, bra, underwear, tanktop, shorts, capris, socks.
Clothes	objects, to cover, fashionable, expensive, cheap, weather specific, many types, made of fabric, designs, comfortable, tight, stylish, activity specific
Clothes	keep you warm, made of cotton, keeps everyone from just being naked
Clothes	you wear them, they come in many colors, shapes and sizes, they are made of fabric, they have designs, they are pretty, girls love them
Clothes	 For covering, comfort, functional.
Clothes	they cover you, shows individuality, style 
Clothes	What im not wearing right now...Something socially accepted to have on when out in public or in view of the public.
Clothes	material, warm, covers up your body, 
Clothes	people wear them, they are made of cloth, there are many different styles, they are expensive, the fit people, they are made in other countries
Clothes	fabric, covers people
Clothes	are worn by people, keep us warm, have different styles
Clothes	
Clothes	made of different kinds of fabrics like polyester, cotton, and wool. Used to keep a person warm and to protect their bodies. Examples are pants, shirts, coats, and socks.
Clothes	worn by humans, versatile in design and colors, revealing or modest
Clothes	made from many types of material, practical or fashionable uses, cheap, expensive or in between,  underware, outerware, weather effects types worn,
Clothes	expensive, needed, jeans, shirt, layers, brands
Clothes	worn everyday, tops, bottoms, different for males and females, some people have more than others, come in all different styles, some cheaper than others
Clothes	some people wear these and some people dont
Clothes	cover the body, soft texture
Clothes	garments that humans wear for warmth, utility, style, or to cover up, variety of colors and options, examples are shirts, pants, and socks
Clothes	something you wear
Clothes	 shirt, shorts, naked, socks, color, style, shoes, belt, sleeves
Clothes	cover us up, men don't wear skirts (except in Scotland - kilts - or in the Middle East - dresses), can be modest, definitions of modest vary, can be lots of colors, can be lots of weights, lots of materials, can be expensive or cheap, there can be "designer" clothes, "fashion" clothes are usually ugly and no one wears them anyway, can be functional
Clothes	what you wear, pants, shirts, shorts
Clothes	protection, status, practicle, overrated, 
Clothes	used to cover the naked body. can be fashionable or not, necessary for survival in some climates. Protect s the skin and body parts from the elements 
Clothes	wear, colorful, expensive, designers, shirt, pants, shoes, jackets, socks, buy, store, cloth, silk, jeans, underwear, purchases, wrong size
Clothes	Clothes are things that people wear to cover their nakedness. Items include shirts, blouses, tank tops, T-shirts, pants, leggings, jeans, sweatpants, socks, shoes, gloves, and hats.
Clothes	pants, shirts, shoes, socks, underwear, cotton, denim, corduroy, closet, designer
Clothes	are to wear, cover nakedness, can be expensive, are cloth fabric, are worn by humans, keep you warm, are an expression, 
Clothes	apparel, worn on the body by humans (and unfortunately by some dogs), keeps body temperature warm, can be revealing or covering, sari, cultural expression, expression of gender norms and personalities in some cultures
Clothes	you wear them on your body, many different styles and sizes, are kept on hangers or in dressers, washed and dried
Clothes	goes on your body, you can wash them, covers you body, has differnet styles and colors, keeps you warm or can make you cool, 
Clothes	are sewn pieces of fabric worn by people, used to cover bodies and keep them warm, can be made from many different fabrics, made in different sizes, main component in fashion industry
Clothes	Clothes
Clothes	to keep a person warm, culture, to conform, protection such as diving suit or firemen uniform
Clothes	used to cover the body, made of various materials, cotton, linen, silk, spandex, hemp. comes in various colors, mens and womens specific styles
Clothes	stylish, represent, comfy, sporty, dressy, colorful, 
Clothes	outfit. coverings. nothing fancy. regular everyday attire. jeans and tshirt. closetfull.
Clothes	fabric covering of a body
Clothes	keep us warm, are stylish, a waste of money, 
Clothes	outer wear, covers you, protects,provides warmth
Clothes	individuality, brand names, style, fashion
Clothes	are worn, keep people warm, are required when in public, are social statements, need to be washed regularly, can make a person popular, used as part of a persons identity, signifies socioeconomic status, expensive
Clothes	covers our skin, keeps us warm, stylish, often judged, can be cotton, can be denim, can be polyester, all different colors, different types for different seasons/weather
Clothes	hide a person's nakedness, covers both upper and lower torso, can cover head, hands, legs, shoulders, feet, can be made of wool, of cotton, of leather, can be multiple colors, keeps people warm, keeps people cool, keeps people from getting sunburnt
Clothes	covering for the body, keeps us warm, decoration, status symbol, indication of class, different in cultures, societal codes, layers, expensive, used, thrifty, homemade, couture
Clothes	cover body, provide warmth, prevent nudity, required in public
Clothes	people wear them to cover themselves, keep warm
Clothes	worn by people, can protect us from the cold, represent a personality, different styles of clothing as well as qualities
Clothes	fashion, necessary, uncomfortable, individuality, expression
Clothes	wear, jeans, shirt, pants, designer, fancy, casual, comfy.
Clothes	brands, various kinds, colors, warm, hot, colder, protection
Clothes	used to cover up a naked body, needed to blend in with society
Clothes	something worn by humans, can protect human from their environment, can be used only for practical reason or to be 'fashionable', clothes can contribute to fashion- as they allow people to show their style, they come in huge numbers of colors, textiles, sizes and designs
Clothes	
Clothes	are warm, are cotton, are necessary, are cute, are used to cover our bodies, are made of various materials, are colorful, are accessories
Clothes	what people wear, origionally to cover their bodies from the elements, now also, to some, an extension of our personalities
Clothes	shirt, pants, hat, jacket, shose, socks, underwear, unifform
Clothes	a covering for the human body, made of natural fibers, made of synthetic materials, look good, look terrible, expensive, free, keep the body warm, protect the body, appealing, appalling, fun, restrictive, a societal norm
Clothes	source of warmth, covers the body, jeans, shirt, dress, socks, underwear, many different styles and types
Clothes	something people wear. shirt. pants socks. some people wear them torn.
Clothes	warm, tanktops, pants, shorts, shirts, sweater, cotton, wool, sewn, woven, knitted, polyester, covers, shield, found in closests
Clothes	worm by human, made of cloth, used to cover private parts, jeans, shirts, jackets, used for warm, protection, 
Clothes	is wearable
Clothes	a social nicety and necessity; keeps us warm in colder climes; can be expensive or not, soft and quality or not, trendy or not (clothes make the man); giant industry based on clothes; people freak out about them
Clothes	
Clothes	nice, baggy, colorfull
Clothes	cloth, cotton, soft, clean, cigarettes
Clothes	cloth sewn to fit the human body; used to cover the body; keep you warm; keep you protected; stylish
Clothes	types of fabric that cover people, 
Clothes	humans wear them, keep warm, pants, shirts, socks
Clothes	are what we wear, cover us, are warm, protect us, 
Copy	a twin, an identical replica, an imitation, Xerox copies, made at Kinko's, paper
Copy	school papers, back up of a paper
Copy	Replica of something else-used in school or church where multiple of the same thing is needed, typically thought of as paper
Copy	cheating off another, using someone else's exact idea, paste, unoriginal
Copy	exact duplicate, can be cheating, to re write data, 
Copy	to repeat, a document that is stored, paste
Copy	is a duplicate
Copy	illegal, printers, paper work, plagerise, cheat
Copy	when you make an exact duplicate of something. you can copy a hand out to make more of them for a meeting, you can copy someone else's paper, which is frowned upon. you can copy someone's action because you want to be like them or you admire that feature you are copying.
Copy	not the original
Copy	machine, cheating, 
Copy	cheating, to print
Copy	Recreating something
Copy	a replica, identical to something, a reproduction, to do the same as someone else
Copy	then paste on Word. Take something and make a replica to use again. 
Copy	an exact print of something, a twin, not the original, 
Copy	it is make from a copy machine, it is the same as the first, it is used to relay information, it help to pass down information it is a piece of paper, its used in the office or at school, it is cheating on a test
Copy	replicate, make another, do the same
Copy	the same as something
Copy	
Copy	A duplicate of an object, refers to repeating an action also
Copy	duplicate, to create multiples, plagiarism, imitation, may be flattering or offensive
Copy	reproduction of something, books can be copied so they may be available to the masses
Copy	cheat, printer, homework, tests
Copy	imitation, reproduction, duplicate, more than one of something
Copy	2 of the same things, twins
Copy	duplicate, repetition, usually done by some kind of printer and/or computer
Copy	a clone or and exact replica
Copy	cheating
Copy	 paper, ink, machine, double
Copy	duplicate, Kinkos shop, black market/illegal copies, can copy or scan, copying can be cheating, "copycats", copying/ imitation as flattery
Copy	to write someones ansers
Copy	cheat, unoriginal
Copy	make the same, to mimic to duplicate, make a double of
Copy	paste, similar, identical, machine, paper, repeat
Copy	A copy is an exact reproduction of an original.  Sometimes associated with Xerox or a machine that produces the copy.
Copy	mimic, paste, a double
Copy	is a representation, is a replica, recreates something, can be on paper, can be presented as an original, costs between 5-50 cents
Copy	duplicate, ape, immitate, emulate, twin, computer command, can be pasted, edit
Copy	do the exact same thing over again
Copy	to replicate, a type of machine, to have extra, 
Copy	is an exact replication, can be used as a noun or verb, used or done if more of something is needed
Copy	Copy
Copy	rewrite from others, when you want to print something from the copy machine
Copy	making an exact replica of an already existing document, not allowed to do on tests
Copy	paste, plagiarize, not thinking, dumb
Copy	replicate. scan. verbatim. plagerism. control+c. aper. reproduce. 
Copy	to mimic an action, duplicate
Copy	machine, paper, comes with ink, little kids love to do it 
Copy	identical to the original, is a duplicate 
Copy	cheat, plagiarize, steel, take credit, reproduce
Copy	is an exact replica of something, can be illegal, 
Copy	duplicate, double, made in a machine, sometimes found in an office, exact duplicate, can't be made by hand
Copy	writting down something else that already exsists, could be someone else's work, could be a movie that is showing, or music that is playing, also described as plagarizing, could also explain someone mimicking another person's behavior
Copy	reproduce, xerox copy, quote verbatim, copy someone's actions or words, double
Copy	paper, cheat, 
Copy	to duplicate, rewrite or repeat
Copy	to repeat or reenact, to complete more than once, can be referred to copying papers to another person
Copy	plagiarize, steal work, imitate
Copy	cheat, duplicate, carbon copy, patterns, clone, photocopy. 
Copy	duplicate, imitation, cheat, don't know answers, unlawful, plagiarizing 
Copy	to imitate or reproduce, something you shouldn't do in school, duplicate something
Copy	to replicate, to reproduce and object or idea exactly
Copy	
Copy	is a replica of an original, is black and white, is in color
Copy	simile, duplicate. to take one object or action and duplicate it.
Copy	imitate, paper, mold, replicate, 
Copy	a duplicate, a representation, something sharing similar properties,
Copy	duplicate, two alike objects
Copy	Is cheating, mirroring someone elses work, duplicating, exact or similar to something else.
Copy	write, exact same, fake
Copy	to duplicate exactly, make a replica, produce a look-a-like, 
Copy	is plagiarism
Copy	cheating; getting kicked out of school; feeling ashameda reproduction of something the most sincere form of flattery
Copy	
Copy	printer, ink, homework
Copy	cheat, machine, paper, work, plagiarism, property rights, style, steal
Copy	duplicate; not the original
Copy	mimic, make a replica of, 
Copy	to reproduce, copy machine, paste
Copy	is a replica, is made by a machine, is a clone
Create	to develop something, to bring an idea into being
Create	to build
Create	Make something
Create	to make, originals, paint, sculpt, write
Create	to make something, to build, needs inspiration
Create	to make, the opposite of destroy
Create	something new, invention, never been seen before, one of a kind 
Create	design, ideas, projects, art work, build , construct, enjoy, original
Create	when you use your own mind and originality to come up with something. usually artistic. create a painting.
Create	action, to make something, out of the ordinary, to express
Create	art, inventions, genuine ideas
Create	involves imagination, children are good at creating, invovles making something new. 
Create	Used to make things
Create	to make something, use the mind to make something unique
Create	Creativity, mad from scratch, to fabricate something more valuable from less valuable substances or goods.
Create	make something
Create	it makes things, its positive, it is free, it is interesting, it helps move forward, it is a hobby, you use clay and paper, colors
Create	design, make a new thing
Create	to make
Create	
Create	to make.
Create	new, may be a painting, story, or concept, start of something new
Create	make, inovation, master piece
Create	art, music, hands, work
Create	use of imagination, used in art or music, comes easy to some people, can make a person feel accomplished, inspiration
Create	to make something
Create	make, produce, formed 
Create	to invent, or use smaller pieces to make something bigger
Create	
Create	 draw, masterpiece, cook, make, play, music, master piece
Create	start something, like giving birth, can create an idea, or create a physical object, often takes time to create something, there is a "creative process" 
Create	to make somthing
Create	art, try, ethical, paint, charcol, oil, canvas, clay, glass, 
Create	to make, develop, to build, to start, begin, first  
Create	creative, new, never before seen, make, art, music, 
Create	To create is to bring into being. This can include artistry, writing, or bringing children into the world.
Create	art, music, build something, write something, 
Create	is to make, to bring something into existence, can be artistic, 
Create	construct, build, imagine, can be a structure or idea, making something out of nothing
Create	when items, such as wood, are brought together in a certain manner and made to produce a desired outcome. Can also be thoughts in the mind producing an outcome as well.
Create	to make something new, to put something together, something you do when you cook, 
Create	to make, a final product of many objects put together, usually a better product
Create	Create
Create	make, build, art, 
Create	musicians, writers, artists make this. use of the mind to form literature, art, music, anything unknown untill it is thought of
Create	discover, work, form, mold, invent
Create	make. divine plan. build w bare hands. realize an idea. something from nothing.
Create	the act of making something such as creating a piece of music or art
Create	to come up with to, imagination
Create	make something, build something,become
Create	craft, design, construct, ideas, make, effort, skill, vision
Create	make something, use your immagination, build something from nothing
Create	to build, to make something new, creative, innovative, original
Create	explains the making of any object or idea, can describe making art, making food, making clothes, writting a piece of music or story, or coming up with an idea or theory, and even concieving a child
Create	make, originality, creativity, imagine something, visualize, create mentally, use your hands
Create	food, art, make something, magic
Create	make, construct
Create	to produce or make
Create	craft, project, make, ideas coming to life
Create	art, bring into existence, build, compose, form, set up or shape, establish, design.
Create	progressive, begin, take part
Create	to make from scratch, to invent, imagine, anyone has the power to create
Create	the act of making something, could be an idea or an object.
Create	
Create	to use your mind to make things, to make up a story, to make an article of clothing 
Create	to change something from one form to another.
Create	world, art, god, life
Create	not a noun, a verb or adjective, to build, fruition of ideas, a physical act, a mental act, results in a product
Create	to generate, to make something
Create	a new thought, something that you use to build a new thing that nobody has thought about before, imagination, creation
Create	make, share, imagination
Create	to produce, to erect, to build, to make, opposite of destroy
Create	is innovative
Create	what happens when creativity is tapped into; people pay a lot of money to have someone create something because when it's created, it's unique; unique is worth money because no one else has it and human nature wants what it doesn't have or what's hard to get
Create	
Create	to draw, depict, and make look good
Create	draw, art, express, color, mold, become
Create	make something; come up with a new idea or object
Create	to make, to mold, to manipulate, to put together, 
Create	make new, opposite of destroy, used by inventors
Create	is to build, to make something more complex than its parts, artists do it, engineers do it, 
Dad	father, parent, partner, the man who raises the children
Dad	oppisite of mother, a person to go hunting with, a adult male in a family.
Dad	Male parent, protective
Dad	belongs to you, important, loving, tall, protective, knowledgeable, warm
Dad	role model, friend, teacher, has black hair, is funny, provides guidance
Dad	father, the paternal genetic donor, emotional attachment, 
Dad	is a parent, is male, is an adult
Dad	father, family, loving, provider, supportive
Dad	is your backbone, dad is a parent, he is your support system, he is strong, caring, loving, helping, and everything. 
Dad	a person, relative, parent, male
Dad	role model, hero, responsible
Dad	is a man, is someone you love, he takes care of his children, he works hard, he is the head of the house
Dad	 Half of a pair, strong, funny.
Dad	a father, a father figure, biological descendant of this person, a protecter, one who supports you
Dad	I have one of these too. Father figure, other half of my DNA. Love
Dad	a father, a male, human being, has children
Dad	the head of the house, he is a person, he is important to kids, he works hard, he helps, he loves, every child has one
Dad	father, stern, teacher, 
Dad	father, a relative
Dad	
Dad	father, the male who conceived you along with your mother, often helps raise their offspring
Dad	father, can be overbearing or perhaps absent, male, protector, 
Dad	parent, authority, protector, 
Dad	father, idol, trouble, loving, understanding
Dad	person who loves you, person who you can go to for anything, person who would protect you against anything, person who will always be there for you, amazing, man of the house
Dad	not the mom
Dad	father, adult male, head of the household, referred as this by his offspring
Dad	a father, a male who has a child, usually has some sort of love or attachement to the child
Dad	
Dad	 father, brother, son, daughter, brave, provider, hero, works hard
Dad	my dad loves me, donates DNA to babies, determines baby's sex, protects and provides for their family, is strong, is loving
Dad	Father
Dad	human male, authoritarian, hardworking, provider, protector, advice giver, friend, disciplinarian, stern, distant, stalwart
Dad	Parent, usually a male, one who supports the family financially.Brave, loving and kind all at the same time. A man of family.
Dad	father, papa, caring, works, money, provider, wise, informed, intellectual, fun, skiing, teacher, problem solver, daddy's girl
Dad	A Dad is the father figure, one half of the provider of DNA. He is a man, and is often a disciplinarian.
Dad	is a parent, male, golf, father, grandfather, has a child
Dad	male parent, father, protector, provider, adult man, fertile man, 
Dad	papa, parent, paternal, father, male caretaker, can be parent of biological or adopted children, sperm doner, can have two dads, can have a dad and a mom, usually involves a child, typically supports offspring, responiblilities vary from species to species
Dad	provider, strong, works hard
Dad	opposite of mother, traditionally the "man" of the house, a parent, part of family, conceives child
Dad	is an informal word for father, a male parent, usually paired with a female parent in a family unit, responsible for raising a child
Dad	Dad
Dad	father, man of the house, a parent, source of living
Dad	father or father figure, is male, the head of the household
Dad	father, leader, advice, protector, provider, safety, love
Dad	father. colloquial. had teen kids. balding, moustache. hammer. thinks he can fix anything. not as embarassing as mom.
Dad	father
Dad	frustrates me immensely 
Dad	father,protector,makes money, helps with life decisions 
Dad	family, father, role model, breadwinner, head of household
Dad	father, has children, playes games, supports the family, is strong and protective, a role model, present in children's lives, disciplines when necessary
Dad	tall, male, fatherly, runs the family, loves his kids, caring, primary provider
Dad	the male parent of an offspring, a male, an adult after puberty, a father figure
Dad	father, taking care of the family, breadwinner, head of household, teaching his children, setting an example
Dad	father, mentor, inspiration to children, 
Dad	father, takes care you, supports you, 
Dad	is a person who has created another individual, can have different roles in a child's life but overall should contain traits of responsibility and be caring
Dad	role model, relationship, family, breadwinner
Dad	Step Dad.
Dad	father, male, sperm giver, loving, hating, abandoning, supporter 
Dad	the man whose semen created you,  man married to your mom, male role model in your life
Dad	on who produces progeny, sperm donor
Dad	
Dad	is your male parent, provided sperm to make you, is authoritative, is special, is concerned, is helpful, is nice, is understanding
Dad	father, male parent, one half the genetic material required to create a new life.
Dad	pop, father, parent, authority
Dad	a man, a human, an animal, has a child, has responsibilities, an adult, a disciplinarian
Dad	offers unconditional love, necessary in a childs life, someone who will always be there, he walks his daughter down the isale when she gets married, protective of wife and children, man of the house, 
Dad	My father. The head of the household. The person who brings in the money. The person married to my mother. The family protector.
Dad	mom, brother, grandfather, uncle, comforter, lover, marriage
Dad	father, male of the house, stout, strong, leader, 
Dad	is authority
Dad	dancing with his little girl; providing for family; teaching how to throw a ball; farming; taking his son hunting; working on the car; bringing flowers home for his wife
Dad	
Dad	role model, important in developement
Dad	old, love, grey, home, great, science
Dad	individual providing half of the genitic material to offspring; father; helps raise children; often provides financial support; plays with children
Dad	father, a male who has children, sometimes genetically related to his children, sometimes adopts children, 
Dad	father, male, head of the house
Dad	is a man, is smart, is mechanical, 
Data	information, a collection of facts, facts derived from research or surveys
Data	information
Data	Numbers that can be interpreted to give information
Data	statistical information, computers, numbers
Data	is a number, is on a computer, is needed, concerns everything, everything is data
Data	information collected about a phenomena, based in science and others things and places,
Data	is collected, is a set of information, organized results, is used by scientists and researchers
Data	information, stored in files and on computers and other memory based systems.
Data	Data; is information that comes out of a study. for instance, what i am typing right now is data for your questionnaire. Data is usually entered into a computer, compared to others, and then reviewed and presented to get a point across.
Data	information
Data	computer, collecting, experiments, 
Data	is collected, is information, is used for experiments and studies
Data	Collected, numbers, responses
Data	gathered info, describes something, used in experiments
Data	Collected to measure something, used by statisticians to extrapolate and interpret relationships.
Data	saved data on a computer, remembers things
Data	it is collected, it is used in science, it is a collection of information, it is correct, is is important, it is collected at school, collected in labs, used to make conclusions
Data	information, numbers
Data	can be recorded, can be put into tables or graphs
Data	
Data	Information processed and used. Usually laid out in some kind of formate useful and easily accessible.
Data	information used in computers, computer files, may contain information or games, Star Trek character
Data	information collected, scientific term used often, a body of info that is hopefully helpful to someone for some reason
Data	information, lots to do, numbers
Data	information, collected through research and experimentation, can lead to an answer,
Data	information
Data	information, helps make conclusions, points to facts, statistics, consists of numbers
Data	findings from a study or experiment, can be words, numbers, or both, can be used to summarize findings or to use in future experiments
Data	math, graphs, precentages
Data	stats, excel, equations, lines, information
Data	information, (often) meaningless/ a waste of time, unstructured, needs work, from surveys, experiments, computer cookies, from spying, can be illegally or legally collected, can be manipulated, can be displayed numerically, or described in words, or displayed graphically 
Data	graphs
Data	Information, a robot, unknowable, undecipherable
Data	material or information collected for an experiment. Computers hold a lot and the human brain as well
Data	results, indicate, points, numbers, qualitative, suggest, findings, research, emperical
Data	Data is an objective demonstration of phenomena in the real world, computers use data, psychologists use data, scientists use data as well. Data is often represented in strings of number or letters.
Data	information, computer, internet, labs, experiment, research
Data	is information, is recorded observation, can tell mankind about the world, is qualitative or quantitative
Data	facts, numbers, statistics
Data	numbers, facts or information about a subject. 
Data	it's what you collect for experiments, could be entered as numbers, people, or words, used for studies
Data	a scientific term used to describe the collection of numerical evidence that may or may not support an area of study, used to support or reject exisiting theories, collected through experiments
Data	Data
Data	information, collected for further use for research
Data	used in statistics, used to calculate, can be numbers, can be observations, can be reactions, used in science
Data	storage, results, back-up, info
Data	Info. facts. can be skewed. andriod from star trek. nerdy. scientific. 
Data	information, star trek android
Data	information gained from something, usually from an experiment 
Data	information, computers,people, bata form, 
Data	math, numbers, statistics, analyses, computers, experiments
Data	information
Data	information, can be collected, can be analyzed and interpreted, raw information
Data	can be contained on a card, can hold any information, can be written in codes to compress information, can contain any media
Data	information about people, places or things, usually on the dry side, statistics, US Census collects and analyzes data, policies are formed based on data
Data	computer, hard drive, collection of information
Data	information, can be stored in computer
Data	is information that can be recorded or graphed
Data	numbers, analyses, experiments, statistics
Data	information, numbers, stats.
Data	statistics, numbers, confusing, helpful, medical
Data	a group of information, gathered in experiments by scientist, can be mathematical, it is a collection of facts 
Data	a compilation of information, collected then analysed, used in studies
Data	
Data	is information collected, is statistical
Data	character from star trek, information.
Data	infromation, books, media, brains, star trek robat, nerds, computers
Data	information, can be physical, can be true, can be wrong, basis for decisions or actions,
Data	information, used for almost everything
Data	Information. can be very large. something collected in experiments. its used to make improvements.
Data	base, numbers, letters, important information, collection
Data	information, 
Data	is attainable, is vast.
Data	computers; statistics; sciences; falsification; accuracy; math; used to prove things - if there's no data, most people don't care; social scientists and politicians and researchers and school teachers all need data; data often leads to money or its withdrawal
Data	
Data	intel, numbers, statistics, gives output
Data	science, number, words, experiment, research
Data	information stored on paper or in a computer; needed in research
Data	information, information collected, a certain type of information,
Data	information, on the internet, organized, specific
Data	is information, is stored, is generated, is what computers use, is what scientists analyze
Destroy	demolish, to ruin something, to put an end to something, crush
Destroy	war, video games,
Destroy	Break something, render something useless
Destroy	break or ruin, unnatural
Destroy	bad, death, harmful, broken, mean, to ruin
Destroy	the opposite of create, to devolve, to make simple, entropy
Destroy	is to break things down, is the opposite of create
Destroy	take apart, disassemble, baseball bats, bulldozers, wrecking balls
Destroy	is when you ruin something, is brought on by anger, you can destroy physical things, and you can destroy emotional bonds as well.
Destroy	action, to take apart, to blow up, beyond repair, a bomb
Destroy	missiles destroy, sometimes tragic
Destroy	involves breaking something
Destroy	 destruction, damage
Destroy	to decimate, to harm, takes something away, to humiliate, sadness
Destroy	When marriage does to life. What America has done to it's foreigh reputation. What AIDS and disease does to life.
Destroy	no longer right
Destroy	it is harsh, it tears down, it is negative, it is happen to out earth, it happens in war, it happen at 9/11, it is horrible
Destroy	demolish, remove,
Destroy	huricanes do this, break
Destroy	
Destroy	To get rid of. Can be done in many different ways.
Destroy	tear down, make room for new buildings, 
Destroy	to damage something or kill it, can be good or bad
Destroy	hurt, damage, heart, fights, body
Destroy	demolish, usually not good, buildings
Destroy	to wreck something
Destroy	break, tear down, ruin, take apart, forceful
Destroy	to annialate, to reduce something with form or funciton to something with no form or function, often violently
Destroy	war, messy
Destroy	 annihilate, blow up, shoot, gun down, no more, quit, gone
Destroy	annihilate, can destroy physically or metaphorically/emotionally, is a negative action, physical destruction can happen from bombs, war, can destroy to rebuild (like a building), emotional destruction can come from hurtful words, or from actions, often actions that betray trust
Destroy	to get rid of
Destroy	extinct, damaged, burn, kill, attack, molest, politics, enviroment, petroleum, natural disasters, is a word, is a thought, denotes power
Destroy	To break, no longer usable. The end of something. To ruin, rot or spoil is to destroy. 
Destroy	blow up, explosion, TNT, dynamite, wrecking ball, tear down, remove
Destroy	To destroy is to demolish, to ruin, to eliminate. There are ships that are destroyers and many wars have destruction as an end-state.
Destroy	break apart, get rid of, seek and
Destroy	is a verb, includes smash and wreck, is an action, is a negative behavior
Destroy	eliminate, kill, desist, stop, end, cease
Destroy	ruin, tear apart, no longer assembled
Destroy	to take down, to fall apart, objectives in war, 
Destroy	to eliminate, kill, done to break something apart or tear down
Destroy	Destroy
Destroy	wreck, ruin, take away all lives
Destroy	ruins, manmade or caused by nature, breaking apart
Destroy	hurt, kill, tear, ruin, broke
Destroy	demolish. raze. beyond repair. totaled. violent. utterly ruined. large scale
Destroy	opposite of create, to break something down 
Destroy	to ruin, burn, bulldoze
Destroy	tear down, deconstruct
Destroy	harm, destruct, warfare, natural disaster, disruptive
Destroy	tear down, demolish, can be violent
Destroy	completely break, burn, wipe away all evidence of something
Destroy	often natural diasastors do this to our communities, criminals can do this to people, a fire can do this to a house, a flood can do this to a town, a couple can do this to another couple's heart
Destroy	kill, murder, ruin, physical, verbal, emotional, abuse, shatter
Destroy	destruction, disaster, accident
Destroy	blow up, demolish
Destroy	causes damage, is not a physical object, but is a verb, can be related to natural disasters or people
Destroy	destruction, war, violence, displacement
Destroy	get rid of, demolish, erase, break, damage, tear down. 
Destroy	diminish, abort, butcher, shatter, to kill
Destroy	to ruin something, obliterate 
Destroy	to ruin something, break, make useless 
Destroy	
Destroy	to ruin, to demolish, to abolish, to spoil
Destroy	disassemble, kill, raze, demolish, to alter somethings state of existance to the point of it no longer being what it was previously.
Destroy	break to the point of uslessness, eliminate form existance, bombs, furnace, time, disease, entropy
Destroy	not a noun, to disassemble a constructed system, usually negative, sometimes necessary, 
Destroy	demolish, crush, ruin, unpleasent, 
Destroy	Can be done with a gun or tank. Military tend to do this to its enemies. Land mines. Something that is ended suddenly that causes someone grief.
Destroy	demolish, disaster
Destroy	to ruin, make undone, opposite of create, demolish, act of bringing something down
Destroy	is damaged
Destroy	things that are destroyed cannot be put back together (unlike broken things, which can often be fixed); makes me think of the word in Hebrew that was often used when the Lord told His people to completely give something over to Him - they had to destroy it completely
Destroy	
Destroy	boms, fire, heat distruction
Destroy	ships, war, people, bombs, boom, explosions, destruction
Destroy	ruin; break down; hurt
Destroy	undo, break apart something, ruin something, 
Destroy	demolish, take apart, opposite of construct
Destroy	make useless, turn into rubble, is what war does
Disagree	to contradict, to hold a different opinion, to argue or dispute an opinion
Disagree	opposite to aggree
Disagree	Do not believe a certain course of action should be taken, or statement is correct, not of the same opinion
Disagree	contradict, fight
Disagree	to argue, to not feel the same way, to have different views, makes some angry
Disagree	to not agree, to oppose, to ignore
Disagree	agree
Disagree	dont agree with others, own opinion, dislike, not the correct answer
Disagree	disagree is when people have two different opinions about the same thing. people disagree over politics and football games. 
Disagree	action, opposite of agree, a form of thought 
Disagree	fight, agree to disagree
Disagree	involves conflict, may involve emotion
Disagree	To be opposite of another.
Disagree	to not concur with something, an opposing view
Disagree	People do this when arguing, hopefully leads to compromises and solutions regarding an issue. 
Disagree	dont agree, dislike the idea
Disagree	it is a oppinion, it is opposite, it is a different, people do it
Disagree	see differently, not agree
Disagree	opposite of agree, to not think the same as others
Disagree	
Disagree	During a discussion or argument or conversation the people involved do not have the same views, they do not agree with each other.
Disagree	argue, different opinion, can lead to a fight, clash of two points of view
Disagree	arguement, amicable disagrement
Disagree	argue, different opinions, hard to get along, compromise is needed
Disagree	can lead to argument, difference in opinion or judgement, not always bad
Disagree	the opposite of agree, could lead to an argument
Disagree	opposing views, two people or groups of people having different opinions about a matter
Disagree	to take a different view as someone else, can lead to conflicts
Disagree	
Disagree	 agree, think different, opposite
Disagree	you are wrong, I am right, comes from people having different beliefs or different information, disagreement can be peaceful or can be heated, can lead to conflict
Disagree	not aggreeing
Disagree	argue, anger, misunderstand, 
Disagree	argue, not in sync with, rather not, negative
Disagree	wrong, incorrect, not compatable, opposing views
Disagree	To disagree is to express dissent, to express a different viewpoint. This will often result in an argument, and is common in explanations of divorces.
Disagree	argue, debate
Disagree	have a different opinion, think someone is wrong, is a mental activity, can be formulated into language, can be abrasive
Disagree	opposite of agree, do not believe, deny, do not see as truth, point of view, altercation, fight, alternate point of view
Disagree	Does not think or feel the same about something
Disagree	disapprove, do not accept, aganist your morals
Disagree	is the opposite of agree, used as a reason to dispute something, to not feel the same way as someone else about a fact or opinion, can lead to arguments
Disagree	Disagree
Disagree	saying no, do not like the idea, wrong concept
Disagree	opposite of agree, go against, can cause conflict
Disagree	not agree, argue, issues, problems, frustration
Disagree	not agreeing. different opinion. cant be based on fact. opposed. amicable difference. can be persuaded
Disagree	oppose
Disagree	to not aggree with
Disagree	argue,fight,clash,contradict,
Disagree	conflicting opinions, different views, natural disposition
Disagree	not on the same page with a person, to have an arguement, can cause problems, dont believe the same things 
Disagree	have differing opinions, can cause an argument, think you are right and others are wrong
Disagree	when a person is in conflict with an idea, person, etc, a word used to describe a behavior
Disagree	different viewpoints, mild to severe, causes arguments, causes wars
Disagree	argue
Disagree	not agrreing, go against someone, argue
Disagree	is the opposite of agree, to have a different view or opinion than something or someone else, 
Disagree	conflicting opinions
Disagree	show opinion, not agree, argue.
Disagree	argue, opposite of agree, different, dissimilar
Disagree	to take a stance against something, have a different opinion
Disagree	to take a stand against and opposing point of view
Disagree	
Disagree	is to not agree with someone, is to feel the opposite way someone else does, is fine
Disagree	to not agree, argument, fight, oppose
Disagree	having your own mind, arguent, new ideas, 
Disagree	to contradict a statement, a negative supposition, an opinion
Disagree	to think otherwise, to not like
Disagree	argument. a thought that is not like someone elses. 
Disagree	wrong, right, fight, words, emotions
Disagree	to not agree, to stand in opposition, hold different beliefs, 
Disagree	is debate
Disagree	people are afraid to do this; it's necessary in a healthy relationship; it ensures we don't wind up with a completely homogeneous society; politics; the phrase "agree to disagree" really doesn't solve much very often; the whole idea is based on the fact that there are constants in the universe or no one would care enough to argue
Disagree	
Disagree	take opposing stance, stand up for yourself, an emmosion
Disagree	argument, issues, mom, republicans, politics
Disagree	conflict; don't agree on something
Disagree	not agree with, not belive the same thing as someone else, 
Disagree	argue, opposite of agree
Disagree	to not agree, to be combative, to argue, to be civil 
Don't	Do not, a reprimand, a command, to forbid, to make someone stop doing something
Don't	do not, stop, leave a object alone
Don't	Negative command, stop doing something
Don't	No, stop, bad, contraction, do not
Don't	means stop, to not do something, usually meant to inhibit a behavior or idea
Don't	not supposed to, words often heard from elders, often on warnings
Don't	is a command, is a negative request, is a contraction
Don't	shouldn't, trouble, off limits, mischief
Don't	is the combination of do and not. which means that you can't do something. people say, don't hurt me, don't do that.
Don't	not allowed, unable, demand, can not, should not
Don't	take candy from strangers or do drugs
Don't	No, means to stop
Don't	a plea or order
Don't	to not do something, to be warned
Don't	Conjunction for "do not". Means stop, usually someone has a reason for you to not continue.
Don't	do not, 
Don't	it is a negative term, it is two words put together, used to tell people to not do something, it is a comand, it is a word
Don't	do not, refrain from, abstain
Don't	opposite of do
Don't	
Don't	do not. a command to stop something from happening 
Don't	negative response, 
Don't	word, word used to express a command, a negative, stop a behavior or action, contraction, english language
Don't	no, stop, do not
Don't	something that should not be done, word that combines do and not
Don't	stop
Don't	avoid doing, its in your best interest to not do the behavior specified
Don't	do not, used to indicate not to do something
Don't	do not, negative
Don't	 stop, quit, knock it off, do not
Don't	forbidden
Don't	contracation for do not.
Don't	no, anger, misunderstanding, rules. 
Don't	No, not to be done, negative, not to be followed thru
Don't	stop, wait, shouldn't, wrong
Don't	Don't is a contraction, implying "Do not." It is the negative imperative form of "to do." Often used as a command.
Don't	do not do, can't
Don't	is a word, is a contraction, means not to do, is a command
Don't	contraction of do not, stop, end, cease one's actions
Don't	not permitted to do it
Don't	not to do something, to stray away from, 
Don't	is a term that means "do not", used to indicate when an action is not permitted or preferred 
Don't	Don't
Don't	no, cannot, not allowed
Don't	not doing an act, refraining, forbidden
Don't	no, cant, wont, stop, not acceptable
Don't	shouldnt. not impossible. plea. request. still can. 
Don't	do not do something, negative conjunction of do not
Don't	to tell to stop
Don't	shouldnt, do not, no
Don't	disobey, command
Don't	another word for no, 
Don't	used to stop unwanted behavior, negative
Don't	a negatory response to an action or question
Don't	means do not, forbids a behavior or action or words, 
Don't	do drugs, be rude
Don't	to not do something
Don't	means Do Not, is the opposite of Do, refers to not doing something
Don't	command
Don't	do not.
Don't	opposite of do, not allowed, forceful, orderly, 
Don't	shortened version of do not, meaning to stop doing something
Don't	Do not, the act of not doing something, 
Don't	
Don't	is not a noun in any way, is a command
Don't	do not. stop. take no further action.
Don't	ask, tell, go there, do that,
Don't	to abstain, not performing an action, a command, a choice
Don't	stop, contraction for do not
Don't	opposite of do, something that someone tells you not to do. short for do not.
Don't	do, stop, quit, quiet
Don't	conjunction of do and not, 
Don't	is denying
Don't	the opposite of yes please; implies a command or request to abstain from an action or behavior
Don't	
Don't	stop, go any farther, parameters
Don't	do it, word, mean, cruel, curius
Don't	do not
Don't	do not, do not do something, do not say something, do not act a certain way
Don't	stop
Don't	is not allowed, is a command, is a contraction, 
Dry	Opposite of wet, desert, thirsty, lacking moisture, no rain, bare dirt
Dry	oppisite of wet. the dessert is dry. 
Dry	Parched, lack of water, boring
Dry	not wet, deserts, clean, warm, normal for people, thirsty, rough
Dry	corse, hard, cracked, waterless, lifeless, desert, wasteland
Dry	a type of humor, like some cakes, montana weather in the 90s, paint on a fence
Dry	is warm, is absent of moisture
Dry	deserts, hair dryer, wet clothes, warmth, tired with dry eyes, dry skin and flakey
Dry	is the lack of water. deserts are dry, skin can be dry, your hair can be dry, you dry your clothes.
Dry	description, opposite of wet, needs moisture 
Dry	desert, chapped lips, dry ice
Dry	lacks moisture
Dry	 Opposite of wet
Dry	not moist, needs water, no rain, a comfortable state for humans
Dry	Lacking moisture or humor. Boring or crispy. Not fresh, uncomfortable.
Dry	not wet,
Dry	it is the absence of water, it is in a desert, it is in montana during winter, we do it to our clothes, we do it after a shower
Dry	not wet, arid 
Dry	not wet, dryers make clothes this, 
Dry	
Dry	not wet, no moisture, can only be felt not smelled or heard
Dry	desert, heat, absence of moisture, dehydrated
Dry	not wet, a climate or weather condition, desert can be dry, places without humidity are dry, clothes or other objects can be dry, hang things to dry, use sun to dry things
Dry	clean, washed, hot
Dry	desert, absence of water, can be irritating, makes a person think of water, big cause of forest fires
Dry	not wet
Dry	doesn't have very much water or other liquid, dusty
Dry	lack of moisture
Dry	skin
Dry	 no water, no rain, towel, get rid of water, dust, sand
Dry	no moisture, enough dryness means a desert, can also refer to the absence of something (besides water), as in "going through a dry spell [eg. of no sex]"
Dry	is not wet or moist.
Dry	not wet, no sense of humor, 
Dry	not wet, not moist,  a dessert can be very much like this. Cracking earth. a towel is used to this after one takes a shower. hot,  uncomfortable. Eyes can feel this way if there are no tears.  
Dry	thristy, drought, desert, no water, 
Dry	The opposite of wet.  This is the absence of moisture. Things that are dry are deserts, skin in the winter, people who do not drink alcohol, and towels out on a line.
Dry	food, cereal, not wet, towel, hair dryer
Dry	opposite of wet, no water, 
Dry	arid, parched, no water, moisture free, absorb moisture, lack of rain
Dry	not wet, desert, sticky
Dry	hot, feels as if less oxygen, desert, dirt, certain wines, is what a dryer does to clothes, 
Dry	is an adjective used to describe something lacking moisture, waterless
Dry	Dry
Dry	not wet, clean
Dry	no moisture, no water, lacking in wetness, to be used to soak up wetness
Dry	crackly, dehydrated, sand, desert
Dry	arid. sere. desert. hot wind. no moisture. better than humidity. not lubricated. type of battery.
Dry	lacking moisture, the act of removing moisture, bland
Dry	the desert, has little water, could die
Dry	no water, no moister, arid, baron 
Dry	desert, drought, fire
Dry	parched, cracking, hot, no moisture, the desert is an example, 
Dry	not wet, use a dryer, warms clothes, eliminates moisture
Dry	without water, without ocean, without sea, without lakes, without rivers, without moisture, describes skin without moisture, and food without enough water, a throat that hasn't had a drink in a while
Dry	not wet, dry mouth, clothes from the dryer
Dry	desert, montana air, no alcohol
Dry	not wet, not moisture 
Dry	is not wet, does not contain water, can relate to weather or terrain such as the dessert, can also refer to dry food, needs hydration to not be dry
Dry	drought, fire
Dry	brown grass, towel, not wet at all, desert, drained, dust.
Dry	opposite of wet, drought, drained, dried-up, moisture less, 
Dry	not be wet, to be very plain or boring, free from liquid,
Dry	something than is not wet, free of moisture
Dry	
Dry	is not wet, is cracked, is discolored, is not comfortable
Dry	not wet. the desert. a type of humor.
Dry	salt, desert, ashy, skin
Dry	the absence of moisture, can be beneficial, can be detrimental, dry clothes are nice, dry mouth sucks, deserts are dry, food can be dried, heat makes things dry
Dry	not wet, cracked skin, lacking water
Dry	opposite of moist. The desert. sand. the summer. how trees get after they are dead or cut down. 
Dry	cloth, clothes, 
Dry	not wet, lack of moisture
Dry	is crackled
Dry	opposite of wet; think of cracked earth in the mud flats of Africa; dishes need to be dry before they get put away; sometimes feels hot; skin needs lotion sometimes to not be dry; cold weather leads to dry skin
Dry	
Dry	dry clothes, desert, cactus, no plant growth
Dry	cleaners, warm, flakey, pleasant, safe
Dry	not wet; boring
Dry	not wet, not damp in any way, 
Dry	opposite of wet, low humidity
Dry	not wet, is like the desert, is parched, 
Embarrass	Red faced, to make someone ashamed of themselves, to make someone uncomfortable
Embarrass	not to feel good about doing something
Embarrass	A person feels shame because of an action
Embarrass	blush, shy, mean
Embarrass	bad, uncomfortable, to feel shame, to be the spectacle of lots of people
Embarrass	emotion, fear, negative outcome
Embarrass	is rude, is unneeded, is annoying, is cruel
Embarrass	make a fool of , unhappy, doing something wrong
Embarrass	is the action when you humiliate someone and their face gets red, they get sweaty, they get shaky, and they think the whole world is watching them.
Embarrass	to be ashamed, emotion
Embarrass	childhood pictures shown to the girlfriend, to demean someone else
Embarrass	causes a red face, to feel sad
Embarrass	 Red faced
Embarrass	humiliation, a bad feeling, makes one feel degraded
Embarrass	Something funny to people, but usually at the cost of the person being embarrassed.
Embarrass	a feeling,
Embarrass	it happens to every one, it is a stupid moment, it turns your face red, it is undesirable, it happens from an action
Embarrass	not comfortable
Embarrass	make uncomfortable, parents do this, 
Embarrass	
Embarrass	To be ashamed, or not proud. Everyone reacts to this differently whether they turn red or cover their face or run away.
Embarrass	turn red, telling of a preferably hidden memory, can cause personal pain or amusement
Embarrass	you can do that to someone or have it done to you, its a feeling
Embarrass	teasing, crowd, audience, red cheeks, laughing, smiling, bullying
Embarrass	self-conscious, makes you want to hide under a rock, can cause discomfort around people
Embarrass	when someone catches you doing something you shouldnt be doing, falling down in front of people,
Embarrass	shy, in an awkward situation, tripping, thinking about how others view you in a specific situaiton, self-conscious, worried
Embarrass	to place someone in a state of social disadvantage, a cruel thing to do
Embarrass	emotion, blushing
Embarrass	 awkward, mindless, not knowing
Embarrass	to feel stupid or humiliated in public, can be self-induced or caused by other people, a feeling people try to avoid, and situations that result in embarrassment are often avoided in the future
Embarrass	blushing
Embarrass	hurtful, disrespectful
Embarrass	to feel bashful or insecure in a situation. to be laughed at or ridiculed. to be made fun of.
Embarrass	red in the face, funny, doing something silly, 
Embarrass	To embarrass is to make one feel self-conscious and upset about the state of onesself being exposed to others.  Many feel embarrassed when speaking to a crush, or when they are accidentally impregnated.
Embarrass	humiliate, call out
Embarrass	make to feel bad about self, is antisocial, is a behavior, is a negative action, involves a victim
Embarrass	turn red, state of being, excellorated physiological functions, sweat, accident, shame, guilt, rue, misunderstood, result of a blunder
Embarrass	humiliated, making fun of, red face
Embarrass	to feel ashamed, to shy away, to make someone else noticeable, 
Embarrass	is a negative feeling, usually a consequence to violating social norms 
Embarrass	Embarrass
Embarrass	shy, when you do something silly, when you fall on ice in front of public
Embarrass	the act of turning red in the face, saying something about someone that was not sposed to be said can cause this
Embarrass	blush, red, timid, foolish, unhappy, hide, 
Embarrass	turn red. feel shame. public opinion matters. lost reputation.
Embarrass	make someone uncomfortable with themselves in a public manner
Embarrass	get red in the face, feel bad about oneself
Embarrass	ridicule, ashamed,feeling self-conscious 
Embarrass	emotion, judgment, actions, shame
Embarrass	make someone feel inadequate, face turns red, is not a good feeling
Embarrass	blushing, feeling uneasy, uncomfortable, worried about what others think, maybe did something wrong or outside of a social norm
Embarrass	when an event happens that you rather not other people see, causes nervousness, usualy negative
Embarrass	exposure of a secret, offending, indecent, mocking
Embarrass	blushing, nervous, bright red cheeks
Embarrass	to make fun of, tell stories about
Embarrass	to make someone uncomfortable, may result in awkward behavior or someones face turning red, not a pleasant emotional feeling
Embarrass	emotion, judgment by peers
Embarrass	rosy cheeks, make fun of, feel ashamed. 
Embarrass	agitate, annoy, confuse, bother 
Embarrass	feeling of self-consciousness, making someone feel bad about something
Embarrass	to feel shame at an act one has committed
Embarrass	
Embarrass	to turn red in the face, to feel dumb about something, to make a mockery of
Embarrass	a negative feeling of vulnerability brought on by a regrettable act. to be made a fool of
Embarrass	being naked, being wrong, 
Embarrass	an action taken to bring shame or guilt on another, an undesirable feeling, 
Embarrass	red in the face, humiliated, ashamed, unpleasent
Embarrass	Feeling of helplessness, doing something dumb in front of other people, saying something against the social norms, red face.
Embarrass	red cheeks, shy, laughed at, lost
Embarrass	flustered, ashamed, 
Embarrass	is hard to deal with, is red cheeks.
Embarrass	humbling; happens when social norms are violated; dependent on person - some people don't get embarrassed ever and others when you say their name; good to happen once in a while
Embarrass	
Embarrass	not good, don't want to talk about it, gets better with time
Embarrass	blushing, mad, unnerving, standstill, funny, 
Embarrass	make someone feel bad about something
Embarrass	to not feels good about something, not not feel good about how people see you, 
Embarrass	awkward
Embarrass	to make uncomfortable, to make blush, what parents do when we are teenagers
Ending	its over, the opposite of the beginning, the conclusion of a story or an event
Ending	a word that means the last part of a movie, meeting, road construction, special event 
Ending	Where or when something is finished, completed, done, over with
Ending	the finish, stopping, over, done
Ending	no more, the stopping point, the last page of a book
Ending	the finale, a place in a book, 
Ending	is the opposite of beginning
Ending	over with, no more, coming to terms with over, breaking up, pain, sadness, happiness
Ending	ending; is the last part to something. a movie is an example, or a string. ending can also be a verb, an example is when someone is ending a relationship.
Ending	the last thing
Ending	to the story, closure
Ending	the finishing of a story/event, the last part
Ending	Is after the beginning
Ending	the last part of something, to finish, to be over
Ending	After the middle and before another beginning. Beginning, middle, end of a story.
Ending	the end of something, a story
Ending	there is no more after it, it is in stories, it finishes stuff, it applies to all things
Ending	final, finish, no more
Ending	means something is over, opposite of begining
Ending	
Ending	the last part of something, right before it is over
Ending	death, finishing, final, no turning back
Ending	can be ending of a movie or story, end of a relationship or any number of things, something is coming to an end
Ending	death, sad, abrupt
Ending	finish of something, something not to look forward to
Ending	what happens after something starts, a movie has one
Ending	the finale of something, occurs when something is over
Ending	the cessation of something, nothing else follows
Ending	finishing
Ending	 disney, fairytale, princess, over, no more
Ending	of a book, of a life, of a task, can come abruptly, too soon, or too late
Ending	the last part
Ending	stop, death
Ending	, the very last page of a book, the last part of a story or song, not the beginning, can be sad or happy.  
Ending	done, finished, thank god, over, the end, wrapping up, coming to a close, 
Ending	The ending is the last part of a story, movie, or other narrative. It can be a resolution to the conflict presented, or can be a "cliff-hanger" in which the resolution is never achieved.
Ending	stop, the beginning, movie
Ending	is after the beginning and middle, gives finality, finishes something, can be sad or happy, 
Ending	cease, stop, the present tense of end, failing to contine
Ending	when there is no more, opposite of beginning
Ending	where something has to stop, not continous, going to become closure
Ending	is a conclusion, when something is over
Ending	Ending
Ending	finishing, over
Ending	closing, often the last of a story or play, sums up any questions or loose ends to a play or story.
Ending	sad, leaving, forget, closing
Ending	climax. closing. lights on. last page. new beginning. finale
Ending	the final part of any occurrence, book, movie, relationship
Ending	of a story, stopping, slowing down, 
Ending	finish, final, termination or the conclusion of something
Ending	over, time to start something new
Ending	the terminal end to something, the finish of something, 
Ending	conclusion, ties all parts together, the very last part of something
Ending	can describe the end of a sentence, the end of a book, the end of a person's life, the end of a year, the end of a day, the end of an activity, the end of a meal, the end of a season
Ending	end of a book, end of a relationship, end of class, cessation of an activity
Ending	of a story, finished, done, of a race
Ending	the conclusion to a story or movie
Ending	is the opposite of beginning, the final scene, something is over with
Ending	new beginning
Ending	Opposite of beginning, finale, done, finish. 
Ending	finale, opposite of beginning, done
Ending	to terminate something or come to a close, every story has an ending
Ending	the completion of something, 
Ending	no more, opposite of begining, finish
Ending	when something is over, done, finito
Ending	the beginning of something else. close. finish. over.
Ending	stroy, life, movie, play, world,
Ending	a stopping point, a conclusion, a place at which something ends, where there is no more content
Ending	the stop of something
Ending	Finish. Last. Consequence to a story. stopping of time.
Ending	end, story, road
Ending	where stopped, in closing, on the other side of the beginning
Ending	is closure
Ending	when we stop being able to see the story; the opposite of beginning, comes after climax (hopefully)
Ending	
Ending	the final chapter, nothing left to proove
Ending	earth, people, life, death, near, far, scary, books, black dark, happy, sad 
Ending	the last part of something
Ending	stopping, quiting, finishing
Ending	finish, opposite of start
Ending	is the finale, is not the beginning, is permanent
Fight	a tussle, a physical encounter, Boxers, wrestlers, boys arguing with one another
Fight	yelling, through things, injures
Fight	Disagreement, commonly thought of as physical could also be verbal
Fight	violent, hurts, punches, kicks, crowd-drawing, entertaining, painful
Fight	to conflict something, an argument, a war, a disagreement
Fight	adrenaline, irish do it, violence
Fight	is messy, is brutal, is unforgiving, is unnecessary 
Fight	stand up for, harm, argue, opposites, destruction, unloving, amusing
Fight	when two or more people hurt each other because of a disagreement. punch, kick, slap, scratch, gang beat. 
Fight	action, to inflict pain, between two or more people or animals, to show dominance, to prove superiority, can have rules, can cheat, can have no rules, possibility of death
Fight	violence, boxing, ufc
Fight	to hit another, involves anger, involves yelling, can be verbal or physical
Fight	Yelling, anger.
Fight	to hurt another, used in a disagreement, physical or verbal, to be angry with one
Fight	is a battle between two people, arguments lead to them, altercations.
Fight	not get a long, argument, sometimes on tv
Fight	is between two people, creats bruses, hurts, uses words or fists, is a problem, starts between two people, can be resolved
Fight	violence, aggressive, painful
Fight	usually occurs when people are angry, can be a sport, many different types
Fight	
Fight	An argument that results in physical or emotion injury of one/both/all of the parties involved. Sometimes a fight is performed for survival, and is even made into a sport among people
Fight	agressive or defensive in intent, seen in sport or conflict resolution, physical or verbal
Fight	to engage in combat with somebody, can be agreeable or forced, animals can fight, can be deadly
Fight	fists, violence, drama, men
Fight	battle, physical altercation, verbal altercation, can be caused by an arguement, boxing, can be good, fight for your dreams
Fight	to hit someone
Fight	hurt someone, cause pain, occurs to get something, a result of a conflict, physical
Fight	a physical interaction intended to cause harm, violent, may be punching, kicking, biting, headbutting, or use of weapons
Fight	punches, boxing
Fight	 punch, kick, blood, hit, gun, knife, kill
Fight	to stand up for something, can be physical or not (eg. verbal, written), fighting occurs between people with divergent viewpoints
Fight	to throw punches
Fight	anger, damage, hate, misunderstanding
Fight	argue, hit, yell, use of unkind words to hurt another person. animals do this in the wild for survival as well. 
Fight	argue, enrage, not happy, communication, quarrel, fists, punching, boxing, not benificial, harmful, disagreement, dont see eye to eye
Fight	To fight is to punch, with fists, at other person. Often, blood and bruises are associated. People fight when there is a conflict.
Fight	argue, yelling, loud, scuffle, punch, kick, boxing, martial arts
Fight	a confrontation between two individuals, physical or verbal, is a conflict, can be resolved, can lead to violence, 
Fight	altercation, fiery debate, disagreement, hostile, can result in physical or emotional harm
Fight	Disagreement, defend, stand up for what is believed
Fight	insues violence, is between 2 or more people, 
Fight	to battle or struggle, used to inflict pain or as a form of defense
Fight	Fight
Fight	starts after arguments, throw punches, causes injury
Fight	a physical encounter, violent, involves punching, using insults, kicking
Fight	anger, suppression, lash, yell, kick, punch
Fight	ruckus. brawl. duke it out. arguement. physical altercation. melee.
Fight	to oppose an idea, physical conflict between to people, or animals, to go against something
Fight	Comes with blood, usually hurts, lots of crying, arguing, despair, feelings get hurt, 
Fight	boxing,MMA,wrestlingmatch
Fight	violence, anger, emotion, conflict, upset, rage, prove dominance
Fight	violent, something men do after drinking, a sign of strength and power, causes people to get hurt, rough, a struggle
Fight	argument, disagreement, unenjoyable, can be physical or verbal
Fight	is something two people can get in, is included in sports like boxing and wrestling, can be used to describe both negative conflicts and positive conflicts, is included in war
Fight	between two people, two dogs, more than two, gangs, verbal, physical, countries fight, children, couples, disagreement, battle, wars, winner and loser, compromise
Fight	blood, anger, solving problems
Fight	disagree with, hit someone
Fight	is create problems with, can be a physical action, can get into trouble, involves two or more things or people against eachother
Fight	anger, violence, ego
Fight	yell, verbal, physical, club, action, confrontation, feud, hostile, aggressive, attack.
Fight	mad, UFC, WWE, cage fighting, aggressive, mean, playful, wrestling, boxing
Fight	hostile interactions between two or more people, can be verbal insults, can be physical harm to one another
Fight	to argue, to battle
Fight	
Fight	is to yell, is to argue, is to punch , is to hit, is to be mean
Fight	altercation, disagreement, when 2 or more people cannot come to a friendly agreement on some matter, they fight about it.
Fight	fist, knives, guns, teeth and nail, boxing, gangs, chickens, dogs, roosters, football, right to pary, or fright, 
Fight	a violent act, a triumphant act, a struggle, an act of oppression, an act of defense, can be physical, can be verbal, can be fun, can be destructive
Fight	unhappy, disagreement, unpleasent, pointless
Fight	confrontation. usually happens at a bar. pummeling.
Fight	black eyes, blood, harsh words, tears, fear
Fight	disagreement, usually forceful, to batter verbally, to batter physically, to harm, 
Fight	is bad, is aggressive.
Fight	fight club; bare knuckles boxing; proving oneself; suspended from school; assault charges; crowd of onlookers; no one stops it
Fight	
Fight	mean, dark, frantic, out of control
Fight	death, pain, mean blood, bad, dangerous
Fight	conflict; physical or verbal; one side against another
Fight	attack, defend, show anger, 
Fight	punching, argument, dispute
Fight	is a confrontation, can be physical, is uncomfortable,
Flute	A musical instrument, Played sideways, finger holes, blow on it
Flute	a instrument, makes a high pitch noise
Flute	Musical instrument, small, tube, light
Flute	wind instrument, b-scale, long, high pitched, beautiful
Flute	is and instrument, makes high tones, has holes, is made of metal or wood, requires air to work
Flute	instrument, makes music, often girls play it
Flute	is an instrument
Flute	band camp, american pie movie, music, instrument, soft and beautiful sound
Flute	an instrument. has a harmonic tone to it, like birds singing.
Flute	object, instrument, woodwind, blow into it to make sound, holes 
Flute	musical, metal, jazz bands
Flute	is an instrument, is made of metal, makes music, has buttons, has holes
Flute	Instrument, silver, full of holes, high pitched, comes in pieces.
Flute	an instrument, used in a band, orchastra, or symphony, a metal instrument, uses air or breathe to play, needs skill and practice to use, way of making music 
Flute	Insturment Will Farrel plays in Anchorman. Silver in color, plays tunes and notes across multiple scales. Soft in nature, butterflies.
Flute	a musical instrument, something that is played by a human, originally made out of wood,
Flute	it is an instrument, it is played with air, it is made of metal, it is shiny, it is hard to play
Flute	musical device, silver, hollow tube, high pitched
Flute	instument, makes music, 
Flute	
Flute	a woodwind instrument, produces a high pitched softer sound
Flute	music, high tones, holes, woodwind instrument, used in orchestras or marching bands
Flute	a musical instrument, use mouth and breath to produce tunes, 
Flute	instrument, girl, long, silver, musical
Flute	band, higher-pitched insturment, long, part of my past, can make a very beautiful sound
Flute	a musical insturment
Flute	musical instrument, produces sounds, long, skinny, held out to the side, very high pitched, sounds similar to a bird
Flute	a cylindrical musical instrument that makes sound by blowing through it, the sound can be adjusted by covering holes in the side of the instrument
Flute	has keys, is long and slender
Flute	 instrument, music, sheet, notes, melody, rhythm
Flute	an instrument you blow into, can be wooden, reed, or metal, held sideways or straight down, has holes you put your fingers on to make different notes
Flute	an instument with keys that you hold to the side and blow in to to play
Flute	tool, inert with out human control
Flute	Musical instrument, long and has  holes on top of it. one end is blown into this long stick like instrument and by covering different holes, sound or music is created.
Flute	instrument, high pitch, piccalo, metal, girls, music, case, 
Flute	A flute is a long, silver object used for playing music. It plays in a high register and is often in the soprano position.  
Flute	is an instrument, made of silver, glass, held to the side, high pitch, buttons
Flute	musical instrument, high-pitched, metal, silver, blown-on, part of a band, needs floutist
Flute	wind instument, constructed of metal or wood, part of a symphony, makes a noise, blown into, pleasant sounding, can play various notes from, made by humans, used by humans, creates music
Flute	musical instrument, peaceful music, soft breath, is held to the side of the face
Flute	a wind instrument, is high pitched, used in band, form of music
Flute	is a musical instrument, used to play light, pleasant tones
Flute	Flute
Flute	musical, instrument, sound, noise, harmony
Flute	made of metal, tube like, played in an orchestra, soft toned, shiny
Flute	instrument, song, soft, whistle
Flute	wind instrument. vent in a pipe. piccolo. jethro tull. tremolo.
Flute	wind instrument, a glass for drinking champagne
Flute	high pitched, noisy
Flute	an instrument, used in bands,used to play music
Flute	instrument, music, band, orchestra, talent, musical ability, high pitch
Flute	a musical instrument, made of metal, is one of the smallest instruments, produces high pitched sounds, is light, women generally play them
Flute	wind instrument, keys, silver, many different parts, used in band or orchestra, difficult to play
Flute	a musical instrument, a wood-wind, uses mouth and finger movements, is used to create music, can be used in a musical show
Flute	woodwind, silver, shiny, lightweight, mouth muscles, shrill, melodious, high pitched
Flute	instrument, band, music, played by humans, skinny, mouthpiece
Flute	an instrument, normally played by women, girly
Flute	a musical instrument, has an overall high pitched tone, is soft and flowy, has multiple keys and tunes
Flute	music, band, symphony, pied piper
Flute	play, harmonic, treble clef, wind instrument. 
Flute	musical, treble cleff, winds, player, piccolo
Flute	instrument of music, long metal tube with holes that when you blow in it makes sounds, used in band, played by people
Flute	an instrument, woodwind, played by musicians,  high pitch
Flute	
Flute	is a musical instrument, is made from metal, is silver in color, produces a high sound, air must be blown into it to make sound appear
Flute	musical instrument, long thin metallic, wind instrument.
Flute	perform, orchestra, steel, high pitch
Flute	wind instrument, high-pitched, small, light, lots of notes, difficult to play, kind of feminine, old instrument, 
Flute	silver, instrument, blow into to produce a sound
Flute	a horn that you hold sideways. is usually silver in color. is played in an orchestra. usually played by women. Very lovely sound.
Flute	music, notes, metal, fingers
Flute	musical instrument, contains buttons, wind instrument, made of metal, cylindrical, 
Flute	is soothing, is beautiful, is soulful.
Flute	James Galway; Mozart's Magic Flute (or was it Beethoven - someone wrote a whole thing...); super annoying when flutes aren't tuned together because they're so high pitched; the soprano voice of the band; baby flutes are piccolos; low flutes sound beautiful; often carry the melody
Flute	
Flute	music, sister, silver, instrament
Flute	instrument, metal, whistle, beautiful, buttons, musicians, orchestra
Flute	instrument; made of metal or wood; air is blown through it and holes are covered or open to make musical notes
Flute	a musical intsrament, typically higher pitched, typically cylindrical, has bottons and holes that a person puts their fingers over while blowing through to make certain noises, typically silver colored
Flute	ancient instrument, can be wood or metal, cork plugs, blowing air through a pipe, has holes
Flute	is an instrument, is metal, is a wind instrument, is blown into, makes a pretty sound, is long and thin, is held horizontally
France	The eiffel tower, crepes, berets, Paris, Coco Chanel
France	a country. eiffal tower. french bread
France	Country in Europe
France	country, speak French, food, fashion
France	is a country, in europe, has eifle tower, speaks a defferent language
France	bread, body hair, country, passion, love,
France	is a country, is small, is in europe, is in the EU
France	country, good food, lots of people and love of walking around campared to driving.
France	is a place where i'd like to travel. is a place in Europe, Italy, Paris, all of those kinds of places. known for pasta, bread and wine. very hearty culture.
France	a country, in Europe, speak french 
France	stinks, city, Paris, escargo
France	is a country, speaks french, has the eiffel tower, has good food, had lots of art
France	a country, eiffel tower, french fries.
France	a country, a cultural place, foreign country, place of ancestry
France	Always lose, ally to the United States. Powerful, yet lazy, short work week, frogs.
France	a country, a foreign language, 
France	it is a country, it is in Europe, it is rude, it has lots of art, its language is french, it is a country of romance
France	country, European, french, smelly, good food, smokers, 
France	a country, is in europe, 
France	
France	a country in Europe, famous for the Eiffel Tower, popular tourist attraction, French is the spoken language
France	foreign land, gave U.S. the statue of liberty, known for perfumes, 
France	a country, people live their, speak a certain language, located in europe
France	romance, Europe, far away, traveling, vacation, dirty
France	country, Eiffel Tower, tourist destination, fun, interesting, Europe
France	the eiffel tower is there, everyone smokes
France	a country, located in Europe
France	a nation in western europe, capital is Paris, flag is red, white, and blue, many tourist attractions, people speak french
France	is a country
France	 paris, food, fries, kissing, talking
France	country, people as "frogs", known for its food, wine, people with long armpit hair, good perfume, fashion, near Spain and Germany
France	is a country, efil tower
France	europe
France	Found in Europe, known as a romantic place to visit with a lot of history. Chocolate and coffee is enjoyed there by many and so is art and books.
France	Paris, Eifle Tower, America's first friends, Red white and blue, Kings, revolution, Marie Antoinette, huh huh, wie wie, love, beauty and the beast, 
France	France is a country in Europe. It is known for its production of wine and cheese, specifically Brie.  It has the Eiffel Tower, and the people speak French. The French occupied Canada for a period, and thus the province of Quebec is primarily francophonic.
France	is a country, is in Europe, has the Eiffel tower, Arc de Triumph, French bread, french fries, french onion soup, fashion, Paris
France	is a country, is within Europe, uses the Euro, is about the size of Montana, is French-speaking, borders Germany, Switzerland and Spain, has a president, is a socialist republic, has a history, includes the Alps and the Seine
France	country, located in Europe
France	Italy, foreign, 
France	is located in europe, is where Paris is located, the language is french, flag colors are white, blue, and red, 
France	is a country, a geographical location
France	France
France	Paris, the Eiffel Tower, Leaning Tower of Pisa, people speaks French, historical nation
France	location in europe, eiffel tower resides there, people have accents there, beautiful country, french
France	war, clothing, paris, eiffel tower, food, croissant
France	blue. zidane. soccer. eiffel tower, striped shirts and berets. oily moustaches. french bread. the corsican brothers. bastille. expensive drinks. Paris. Frogs. English Channel. Not Germany
France	European country, paris
France	snobby, has a good gov. relaxed
France	 a country, far away, has the iffle tower, gave us the statue of liberty
France	a country, part of europe, romantic, eiffle tower, tourism, paris, fashion
France	a country in Europe, Paris is a city there, a tourist attraction, lots of people smoking, artists live there, beautiful buildings, lots of history
France	country next to Spain, delicious food, speak French, Paris, Eiffel Tower, the Louvre, beautiful architecture, famous historical landmarks
France	a country, speaks french, created many different food favorites, has the eiffel tower, has the luve, has the mona lisa, has croissants
France	European country, history of wars, French revolution, Bonaparte, guillotine, wine, good food, countryside, romantic language, Eiffel Tower, destination for tourists
France	europe, country, french, accent, francais, vacation spot
France	a country, paris, eiffel tower
France	is a country in Europe, the capitol is Paris, known for the Eiffel Tower and wine, speaks French, has many historical sites
France	europe, revolution, country, romance, bread, eiffle tower, frogs
France	Paris, Eiffel Tower, french language, love, French Revolutionary War. 
France	country, Paris, eiffel tower, Italian, world, bread, noodles, cheese
France	a country across the ocean, has the Eiffel tower, 
France	a country, is a europe, has a lot of history
France	
France	a country, people speak French
France	a country in Europe. the coneheads are from france. or so they say.
France	cheeze, mimes, surrender, bread, poetry, wine, eifel tower, vichy, vietnam, charlemagne, franks
France	a European country, famous for wine, a former world super power, 
France	a country, where the Iffle tower is located, French speaking country
France	A country in Europe. Place where the eifel tower is located. a country that we defended during world war 2. a country that we helped during the end of world war 1. Its people are sometimes referred to as frogs.
France	Paris, love, accent
France	country, 
France	is historical, is influential.
France	surrender; cheese; wine; pastries; Three Musketeers; Les Miserables; Victor Hugo; Revolution; fraternity; red white and blue flag
France	
France	country, questionable policy, good looking women
France	europe, wine,war, linya, large, proper snobby
France	country in Europe; speaks French; 
France	a country in europe, native language is french, capital is paris, 
France	paris, eiffel tower, croissant
France	is a country in Europe, known for food, snooty people, where French is spoken, Eiffel Tower, World War II, high fashion, 
Government	democratic, largely corrupt, autocratic, beaurocracy, a political practice
Government	found in a country
Government	Necessary power to keep society running smoothly
Government	leaders of countries, corrupt, presidents, politics, complicated
Government	protects us, is complicated, is sneaky, is greedy, is in debt, is in washington DC.
Government	corrupt, democratic, organization of individuals to protect certain rights
Government	is structured, there are many different forms, is the basis for running modern society
Government	president, runs the country, makes money, highest power
Government	Government is what heads the nation. Pretty much every nation has a government system. Democrats and Republicans are probably the two things that first come to people's minds when they hear the word government. 
Government	a political structure, politics, judicial, house of representatives, legislative, electoral college, the president, laws, a particular group of people, the white house, governs the nation, federal, state, local  
Government	governs U.S., conspiracies
Government	sets the laws, the head of the country, it includes the president, congress, etc. 
Government	 People, washington D.C.
Government	group of people and divisions that creates laws, is a conceptual idea
Government	People we elect to office to be swayed by lobbyists and not do what our desires are. Prostitution ring where their vote is sold to the highest bidder.
Government	runs our country, president, senate, house of representatives, here for the people, the constitution, 
Government	used to run out country, is many people, is a democracy, it strong, is united, is corrupt, spends a lot of money, involves a president, senate, house
Government	invisible hand, controlling, protector, enforcer, slow, annoyin
Government	rules a country, many types, many different branches
Government	
Government	people who control a nation, many different forms in the US "by the people, for the people"
Government	ruling entity of a country or state, dictatorship, democracy, creates and enforces laws
Government	something created for the controlling of people, can be good or bad, can be big or small
Government	united states, insurance, birth control, politics, governor, president, senate, runs our country
Government	creates laws, protects citizens, political unit, control, authority, power, includes 3 branches, runs the country
Government	controls the country
Government	individuals that run the country, makes decisions, creates laws, politics, has control
Government	an organization that creates and enforces laws in a nation, may be elected, inherited, or may come to power forcefully.  collects money or taxes to fund national programs
Government	presidents, bad laws
Government	 president, king, democracy, vote, public, steal, cheat, take, socialism, crooked
Government	the thing you pay taxes to, often inefficient, debates over whether it should be bigger or smaller, many different types of government around the world
Government	has laws
Government	unknowable, disrespectful, untrustworthy, not caring, power attainment, broken, inefficent, 
Government	Many people involved in, run a state or nation by governing. 
Government	democracy, President, congress, inefficient, useful, provides, takes away, in almost every country, beneficial, corrupt, unsure
Government	A system of organization within a country, state, province, prefecture, or other organization. It provides a structure within which decisions regarding the organization can be made. Associated with President, Congress, Republican, Democrat, Representative, Senate, Governor, elections, and voting. Also, Democracy, Communism, and Socialism in the modern world.
Government	an assembly of people, senator, has branches, Washington D.C., president, representative, democracy, law, order, taxes
Government	is an institution, controls people, makes laws, has a leader, is comprised of individuals, punishes crimes
Government	ruling body, democratic, communist, composed of many different bodies, senate, house of representatives, can have a president or a ruler, can be suppressive, can help or hinder the people, larger governig unit that deems the fate of its people
Government	laws, Washington D.C., constitution, president
Government	runs the world, has different branches, is political, corrupt, population is mostly male, washington d.c., the white house, the capitol building, 
Government	is an organization, primary purpose is to lead or guide people, makes important decisions, enforces laws
Government	Government
Government	what holds a nation together, diplomatic country, allows free-speech, they ask to pay taxes 
Government	in control of a countries finances and protection, can be anywhere between dictatorship or democracy, leaders are voted in
Government	law, police, lawyer, rules, enforce, strict
Government	Democracy. monarchy. despotism. facism. communism. parliament. big building w a rotunda. old ideas. 
Government	the leading body of a country or nation, made up of people that control the public
Government	corrupt, huge, monatonous, boring, democratic, many kinds, something that could be run much more efficiently, 
Government	the people that govern, they set rules and laws for us to follow
Government	controlling, wasteful, secretive, violent, ineffective, inattentive to needs of people, montana legislature is making a joke out of montana.
Government	runs countries and nations, has control and power over the military, makes big decisions affecting whole populations, can be communist
Government	corrupt, in debt, run by the president, democracy, republicans, democrats, voting, senate, house of representatives, three branches, different in every country
Government	controls society, paid for by the people, has three branches (in the united states), creates laws, holds votes
Government	ruling body, small size like a classroom to large size like the country. Can be benevolent or dictatorship. Any group of people large or small need government. 
Government	rules, congress, house of representatives, centralized
Government	head of a country, make decisions, govern people
Government	a form that is created to provide order to a group of people, federal government creates laws for the U.S, where the state government creates laws for one individual state
Government	inefficient, wasteful, ignorant, secretive
Government	Washington D.C., democracy, Uncle Sam, politics, sovereignty, corrupt, secretive, authority, Obama. 
Government	Uncle Sam, Washington, authority, bureaucracy, command, control, direction, domination, Washington D.C., Barak Obama, president, has leaders
Government	organization and political unit, used to govern, makes laws, keeps order in the country
Government	Is an organisation thats purpose is to protect it's citizens. it allows citizens certain rights which it's purpose is to defend, it redistributes money via collection of taxes from citizens and allocates the money as it see fit (hopefully in the best interest of the majority of the population)
Government	
Government	is a political authority, make laws, is ruler, is enforcer, is corrupt
Government	system put in place to serve the community that appointed it. system that governs over a population to ease the burdens of said population. usually a very disfunctional system.
Government	uncle sam, taxes, state, the people, buerachracy, red tape, police, welfare, corruption
Government	a human institutions dictating certain processes, can be oppressive, can be liberating, used to dictate and enforce societal norms,  many different types, controlled by many people, controlled by one person, creates infrastructure, dictates social systems
Government	rules the country, keeps society orderly
Government	an entity that runs our country. a formal group of people that make decisions for others in a country or county.
Government	law, law enforcement, police, FBI
Government	body for the betterment of society, consists of elected officials, comes in many different types ranging from democracy to dictatorship, 
Government	is big, is not easily understood, has different forms
Government	democracy; oligarchy; dictatorship; matriarchy versus patriarchy; balanced demographics can be important; laws made and enforced; funding distributed (after they take our money in the first place); citizens; responsible to citizens
Government	
Government	controlling, interdependant, in your business
Government	large, weird, waste money, to large, complicated
Government	is big; controls countries, states, counties, and cities; often corrupt; highly organized; beaurocracy
Government	a group that controls something, a group that makes rules for a bigger group,
Government	politics, role models, needed to keep civilized, organized
Government	controls the people, is in charge, is where taxes go, starts wars
Grasp	to hold onto something, to have a grip on it, to reach out for something that isn't quite attainable, the understanding of an idea
Grasp	hold on to
Grasp	Hold desperately, not comfortable, 
Grasp	holding something in your hands, strong, gentle, brief, friendly
Grasp	to hold tight,to no let go, to squeez, to hold in my hand
Grasp	to hold, can be firm, handshake
Grasp	to hold onto something
Grasp	clentch, hold on to, come to terms with, dont let go of
Grasp	when you grip something, when you have ahold of an object, you are grasping it.
Grasp	action, to hold, tight or loose, to understand
Grasp	use your hand, or to grasp the concept
Grasp	is to hold, involves the use of hands, is to cling
Grasp	 Tight, hands
Grasp	to hold, to understand something
Grasp	To grab on to and hold tight to. Usually involving passion. Usually involves a reach for it.
Grasp	hold on to something, grab, dont let go.
Grasp	people do it, you use your hands, it happens to a cup or suitcase, it is an action, it is done with our fingers, we need out thumbs to do it
Grasp	grab, use hand, clench fingers
Grasp	hold, catch
Grasp	
Grasp	to hold or clutch something, can also mean to understand a concept or idea, to "get it"
Grasp	hold, solid grip, connecting with a new idea, 
Grasp	to hold something or an understanding
Grasp	hold, tight, hands, fingers
Grasp	hold, use your hands
Grasp	to hold onto something, babies grasp toys
Grasp	grab tightly, done by the hands
Grasp	to hold onto something, either physically, such as with your hands, or mentally, like being able to hold onto a concept
Grasp	hold on to somthing
Grasp	 know, grab, hold, take, not releasing, understand
Grasp	to understand (metaphorical) or to hold (physically), things can be difficult or easy to grasp, often used to describe how close you are to achieving something
Grasp	to hold on to
Grasp	hold, idea becomes clear
Grasp	To have hold of, to understand, to reach and close around whether it be a thing or an idea. Tight and not loose. 
Grasp	understand, comprehend, hold,  touch, clench, meaning
Grasp	A grasp is how one holds onto a particular object. It is done with the hand, but a prehensile or chimpanzee toe is also capable of grasping. Common things that one might grasp are cell phones, pens, pencils, glasses, and other hands.
Grasp	grab, reach, hands, fingers, clutch
Grasp	is to hold, is to understand, involves hands, involves an object, 
Grasp	understand an idea, using hands or feet to hold onto an object
Grasp	holding onto something in your hands
Grasp	something you can hold, grip, clucthing your hands, 
Grasp	used to describe the action of grabbing and/or holding onto something
Grasp	Grasp
Grasp	take on, grab hold of, when we hold something tight
Grasp	hold, clutch, close hand tightly around an object, can be soft or hard, tight or loose.
Grasp	tight, hold on, dont let go, 
Grasp	hold onto. desperate grab. babys do this to your fingers. softer than a grab. 
Grasp	hold on to something, to comprehend an idea or subject
Grasp	to cling to, to understand, to grab for
Grasp	to hold, grab, take, receive, hold tightly,  
Grasp	understanding, concept, knowledge
Grasp	hold on to something, understand the topic, uses fingers and thumbs, to grab
Grasp	to hold on, babies have the strongest, to understand a concept
Grasp	used to hold onto things, infants do this often, used to get things or put things down, can be done by hands, by feet, by mouth
Grasp	holding on, pincers, pliers, understanding
Grasp	strength, firm, 
Grasp	grap, clasp
Grasp	to hold or understand, can be to grab physically or to understand mentally
Grasp	understand, knowledge, concepts, ideas
Grasp	Grab, understanding a concept, hold, grip, clamp, embrace, awareness, knowledge, realization. 
Grasp	hold onto, tight, grip, clasp, clench, clinch
Grasp	to grab something, to hold on to something, to understand the meaning of something
Grasp	to hold on to a physical object, or to understand something
Grasp	
Grasp	is to hold onto something, is close, is meaningful
Grasp	i dont know what a grasp is as a noun. as an action it means to grab or take hold of something.
Grasp	monkey, hand, clamp, claws,
Grasp	ability to understand, 
Grasp	hold, understand, to wrap your hand around, to "wrap" your brain around
Grasp	tight grip, sudden reach for something if you are falling, loving jesture towards someone you care about, grabbing something, an object in your hand.
Grasp	grab, hands, fingers
Grasp	to hold, to understand a concept, to take hold, 
Grasp	is holding.
Grasp	hands and fingers; tightly; death grip; feels firm; often happens when someone is scared
Grasp	
Grasp	take old of, hand, gain knowledge of
Grasp	strong, grip , sweat, hard, crazy cool
Grasp	understand; hold on to; tight or loose
Grasp	get a hold of, have an understanding of, 
Grasp	to hold, to control
Grasp	is a hold on something, is what hands or minds do, 
Growth	tumor, mass, progress, advancement, accumulation, self improvement
Growth	height
Growth	Moving forward or increasing in something
Growth	section of plants, green, prominent, overbearing, dead, large, destructive
Growth	to get bigger, from small to big, get better at something, is natural
Growth	expansion, becoming taller, plants
Growth	is something gaining mass, is a person maturing, is something growing
Growth	growing up, learning, hardships and good times, accomplishments, regrets, love, loss, ageing
Growth	is how many pounds, how many inches you grow taller, and how many inches you grow wider in a time period.
Growth	action, to get bigger, mature
Growth	hormones, kid to adult, over long period of time
Growth	involves getting larger, it happens as one gets older
Growth	Something that happens when you're younger.
Growth	to become more, to get better, to get bigger
Growth	Positive movement, becoming larger or taller. Can be negative however as in a tumor.
Growth	a measurement, a difference, beginning and ending, progress
Growth	plants do it, it is green, it gets bigger, people do it, it is hard, it requires energy
Growth	be bigger, maturation
Growth	makes things bigger, children do this
Growth	
Growth	the amount of expanding that has taken place, everything living grows, and growth is how much is has grown.
Growth	maturing, development, size, can show in height or width, expansion, happens in all life forms, may cause negative effects
Growth	plants have growth, as do animals and people, growth for peole can be in height or a growth in knowledge or emotional
Growth	trees, humans, expanding, maturing
Growth	development, size, mind, maturity, business, extra tissue causing a tumor, can be exciting for teenagers when it comes to height
Growth	when something gets big, growth spurts, people grow
Growth	maturing, increase in size, usually happens over time, increase in number
Growth	getting bigger, can be physically getting bigger, such as a child growing into an adult, or mentally, like expanding your knowledge of some subject
Growth	tall, change
Growth	 curve, grow, big, baby, large, small
Growth	growing up, gaining in maturity, growth can occur at any stage in life, can be physical or metaphorical, "growth spurt" refers to getting taller quickly when you are young, "emotional growth" refers to when you go through something difficult and emerge not feeling bitter
Growth	size, stage of development
Growth	moving, spiritual, 
Growth	the ability to gain height and weight, to learn and develop as a person or animal. All living things do this to a certain extent. can do this in the brain and also in the body.
Growth	growing, expanding, bigger, normal, trees, people, cancer, 
Growth	Growth implies getting larger or making more money. Associated with being "in the black."
Growth	to extend, increase, development, children
Growth	is becoming larger, is maturing, is usually positive, can connote a cancerous tumor, happens in childhood, can be physical, emotional or mental, happens to living things
Growth	increase in size or quantity, economical term for revenue, growth in species usually is rapid in the beginning and starts to cease towards a particular time period, tissue penetrating from the skin, wart, zit, bunyon, tumor, rapid cellular reporduction
Growth	getting bigger, starting at one size and expanding
Growth	is apart of living, makes us older, can extend over time, happens over time, 
Growth	is a term used to describe progress of the development of something
Growth	Growth
Growth	height, size
Growth	done by any living organism, getting bigger, expanding
Growth	increase, positive, change
Growth	Learning. Expanding. Closer to completion. Bigger. never ends. plants constantly
Growth	the process of obtaining greater size, cell division in living organisms
Growth	hormones, getting taller, plants, humans, mostly everything, mitosis, meiosis
Growth	getting larger, bigger, plants growing
Growth	tall, wide, maturing
Growth	measured across a lifetime, can be apositional or endocondrial bone growth, used to determine age, sign of good health, 
Growth	could be a mole or cancer, unwanted, extra, should be removed, potentially unhealthy
Growth	what happens as you mature as a living thing, what happens as you learn new things, what happens as you go through different expiriences, what happens when you water a plant, what happens when you build a house, what happens when you begin a family
Growth	measuring children's growth, rapid plant growth, growth in the mind, learning new things,  maturing, growing long hair, growing a mustache
Growth	puberty, drugs, plants, development
Growth	someone who has gone from short to tall has experienced growth, people may grow emotionally as well
Growth	is to get larger and bigger, living things can grow such as trees or people, also emotions or feelings can grow, refers to the act increasing
Growth	maturation
Growth	years pass, height, plants, grass.
Growth	tall, advance, augmentation, development, gain, flowering
Growth	when things get bigger in size, plants and humans grow
Growth	an increase, living objects can grow, also populations can grow larger as well
Growth	
Growth	is when bones get longer, height is taller, happens when you're growing, is biological
Growth	something getting larger including plants, people, ideas, strategies, bank accounts, egos, etc...
Growth	children, education, flowers, industry, money in the bank, 
Growth	a process of time, an addition of matter, a physical process of every living organism, can stop, can regress, important part of development
Growth	change in something or someone, a person can grow (emotionally) or a child can grow (physically)
Growth	Organic matter that naturally gets bigger. something beards do. 
Growth	development, height, weight, brain
Growth	the process from child to adult, a process in which anything is gained or learned, 
Growth	is green
Growth	spiritual, personal, physical, emotional, career, business, economic - all kinds of growth; implies advance or having gone in a desirable direction; associated with colors - green - and seasons - spring
Growth	
Growth	plants growing from seedlings, getting more mature, more used to the wold 
Growth	people, plants, height, economics, financial, trees, skills
Growth	mental or physical; increasing in some way; usually good
Growth	to improve, to get bigger, get taller, to know more, to become smarter than you were, to become better in some way
Growth	to get bigger, teenagers, to improve
Growth	is slow, is up or out, is maturity, is evolution
Guess	Hypothesis, speculation, questionable opinion, trying to figure something out
Guess	answer, game
Guess	Person, place, item, that may be being referred to
Guess	question, unknown, random
Guess	uneducated, a shot in the dark, to not be sure
Guess	hypothesis, assumption about a prediction, random probability of a right answer based on no knowledge
Guess	is inaccurate, is random
Guess	questions, games, board games, answers, no answers,frustration
Guess	Guess is a clothing and accessories store. guess can also be used to explain when someone makes a hypothesis about something.
Guess	not to know exactly 
Guess	not positive, what you think may be the correct answer
Guess	is a thought, is an estimation
Guess	Lack of knowledge, unprepared.
Guess	to not know for sure but to try to understand, a hypothesis, used when one is not sure about something
Guess	and check method. A educated estimate for a certain situation. Everyone has their own unique guesses.
Guess	not knowing, a chance that you are right
Guess	it is uncertain, people do it, it happens on tests
Guess	not know, estimate
Guess	not knowing
Guess	
Guess	to make an educated assumption of a fact 
Guess	effort to answer unknown question, random, used in games, 
Guess	do when we don't know an answer, lack of knowledge about something, 
Guess	jeans, brand, expensive, buckle
Guess	unknown answer, based on opinion or some knowledge, can be bad if wrong, can be right
Guess	to take a chance
Guess	make an inference about, hypothesize, based on past knowledge
Guess	to not know something, but to make a decision anyway, an undesireable last resort on a test
Guess	question, a brand of clothing
Guess	 dont know, try, chance, lottery, lucky
Guess	guess jeans, trying to pick when you don't know the answer, uncertainty, guessing can lead to feeling insecure, happens when we don't have information, can lead to either good or bad consequences 
Guess	is a question, brand of clothing
Guess	take a chance, blue jeans company, try, give it your best shot
Guess	not know for sure, make an assumption, an educated or uneducated one can be given. the best answer given if not known for sure
Guess	question, what, answer, best response, on a test,
Guess	A guess is an answer that is ventured without absolute certainty. It is generally ventured without knowledge of the particular question/area.  
Guess	hypothesis, hunch, jeans
Guess	is not certain, is a mental activity, can be formulated with language, can be correct or mistaken, tries to be truth
Guess	wonder, question, ask, attempt to form a solution, aim, ponder, philosophize, postulate, determine, reasonable judgement, can be based on facts or an idea
Guess	when you don't know the answer to a question
Guess	to make an inference, to not be certain, to make a choice between certain decisions, 
Guess	is an uncertain answer, used when an answer is required but not known 
Guess	Guess
Guess	try to answer, may be wrong or right,
Guess	not knowing the correct answer absolutely, a noneducated responce
Guess	unsure, uncertainty, not confident, uh
Guess	hypothesis. shot in the dark. dont know. clothing brand from the 90s. shrug your shoulders. take a chance.
Guess	a opinion about a subject, may be educated or a shot in the dark
Guess	 jeans, to be unsure, 
Guess	estimate, opinion based on little information
Guess	decision, unknown, ignorant
Guess	a type of jean, is an estimate for something, what people do when they dont know the answer
Guess	an answer that you are not sure of, weighing options, choosing which you think is best even if you are not  sure
Guess	often precedes the asking of a question, the brand name of a clothing line
Guess	thinking of possibilities, wondering, not knowing, best guess, games, probability 
Guess	question, uncertainty
Guess	not know the answer, make up
Guess	to not understand or know but take a stab at the material or answer, trying to find a certain answer
Guess	uninformed
Guess	do not know, random, speculate, shot in the dark, guesstimate, opinion, belief, try to figure out, imagine. 
Guess	hypothesis, estimated, unsure
Guess	to make an estimate about something, pretending to know something, 
Guess	the act of assuming something one isn't sure of, to take a chance
Guess	
Guess	is a retail store, is fashionable, is expensive, is beautiful, is cool
Guess	attempt to correctly answer a question with no actual. knowledge of the correct answer. there are also educated guesses which are still guesses but with more information on what the correct answer will be. AKA a Guestimate. also a clothing brand.
Guess	jeans, riddler, unsure, chance
Guess	unfounded answer, random answer, attempt to say something correct, a hypothesis, a verbalization based on known information, done by everyone, 
Guess	lack of knowledge
Guess	a shot in the dark thought about something. A brand of clothes. a random answer to something asked.
Guess	estimate
Guess	product line, to give an answer without being for certain, 
Guess	is conjecture
Guess	jean brand or implication that someone doesn't actually know the information necessary to answer a question; easier on multiple choice tests than on essay tests; "a shot in the dark" versus an educated guess
Guess	
Guess	a random answer that you hope is right 
Guess	maybe, games,
Guess	giving response without knowing the answer; brand of clothing
Guess	randomly pick an answer to a question, pick an answer to a question without knowing to actual answer,
Guess	unkown answer
Guess	is an unsure thought, is an answer, is something people do on gameshows, is what multiple-choice tests are for, 
Gun	metal, steel, bullets, shooting, can cause severe wounds or even death, a weapon
Gun	firepower, m9, western 1800's main weapon, cowboy
Gun	Powerful, used in good and bad ways, traditionally used for killing something or someone, weapon
Gun	weapon, dangerous, hunting, protection, bullets
Gun	shoots, uses bullets, can kill people, can save lives, are used by police, requires skill
Gun	it fires, it can be long or short, can be used for hunting, can be used for war, protection
Gun	is constructed of metal and wood, is lethal, is used by law enforcement and military, used illegally by criminals, need a permit to own
Gun	harmful, protective, loud, powder, shells, bullets, animals , food, wood, metal
Gun	gun; is metal, is a fire arm, is used in self defense, is used for hunting, can kill someone.
Gun	object, weapon, license, to kill, hunting, bullets
Gun	bullets, hunting, recreation
Gun	is loud, is black, made of metal, is destructive, is a weapon, can be used to hunt
Gun	Is deadly, shiny, cold.
Gun	a weapon, means of protection of self or property, used to hunt, defense, a weapon in war, shoots bullets
Gun	Somehting associated with death and dying. Self defence or homicide, sometime suicide. Used to cause or release pain.
Gun	 something that is shot, in the constitution(the right to bear arms), protect oneself, kill things, used for hunting, 
Gun	it shoots, it kills, hunters use it, is it dangerous
Gun	metal, shoots, bullets, cold, dangerous, 
Gun	kills, shoots bullets, used in war, used to hunt
Gun	
Gun	weapon, used bullets, shotgun, rifle, hand gun, etc. used for hunting of animals and can kill people, very powerful
Gun	kills, dangerous, cold, uses bullets, threatening or intimidating to people, 
Gun	weapon, use for good or bad, can kill people, can protect people, can kill animals, needs bullets
Gun	dangerous, hunting, needed, police, big
Gun	frightening, can be used for good or bad things, carried by cops, used by hunters
Gun	used to shoot things
Gun	metal object, used to kill, bullets are inserted, has a trigger, dangerous, is a weapon, laws pertaining to its use, 
Gun	a firearm, fires a metal projectile by utilizing a small, controlled explosion, has a barrel, a trigger, a firing mechanism, and some sort of handle or grip.  can be used as a weapon, a hunting tool, recreation, or competition
Gun	amo
Gun	 protection, safety, cool, awesome, metal, bullet, riflings, wood stock, gunpowder
Gun	provides protection, democrats are afraid of them, from medieval times, used by the army, used for sport by regular citizens (shooting sports), used for self-defense, semi-auto, revolver, fully-automatic, used for hunting, used by criminals, made of metal, or plastic polymers, can open carry or concealed carry, makes people safer
Gun	dangerous, has amo
Gun	tool, practical, inert without human control, security, safety, protection, metal, fear inducing, misunderstood
Gun	a weapon used for self defense or when in battle. Made of steel and uses bullets . Launches bullets at high speeds causing injury or death in humans or animals if hit.
Gun	hand-gun, dangerous, shot-gun, hunting, bullets, holster, bang, shot,
Gun	A gun is a machine that shoots bullets using gunpowder. It is often deadly, carried by policemen, and can be used as a "concealed carry." People are generally afraid of guns obtained on the black market.
Gun	a weapon, used in hunting, used in war, shot, uses bullets, made of wood and metal, rifle, pistol, put in a cabinet, has a safety
Gun	is a weapon, is dangerous, can kill, needs a bullet, needs explosive powder, is loud, is metal, 
Gun	weapon, uses ammo, created by humans, used by humans, aimed, fired, uses igniting powder, can be used to kill animals for food, can be used for protection, makes a loud sound when fired, used in warfare
Gun	shoots bullets, has a trigger,a handle and a barrel. is used for killing. controversial
Gun	a type of weapon, is used in wars, hunting, and self defense, cops carry them, can have different types, are dangerous, 
Gun	is a weapon, used for hunting, protection, usually made of metal, requires ammunition such as bullets or shells
Gun	Gun
Gun	shoot, loud, death, injury, protruding
Gun	made of metal and plastic, contains bullets, used for shooting, safely locked in a safe, used by cops, used by hunters, often black
Gun	shotgun, rifle, pistol, bullets, shoot
Gun	for shooting. toy, not a weapon. kill animals. shotgun, pistol, revolver, rifle. could be a big gun like artillery or howitzer. 
Gun	a firearm, to rev a motor high
Gun	can kill, provides lots of fun, loading shells, crosshairs, 
Gun	a weapon, has a barrel, trigger ,hammer, bullets, used in wars 
Gun	used for hunting, barrel, stock, rifle, pistol, bullet, weapon
Gun	can be dangerous, form of protection, used during war, fires bullets or shells, many types, very heavy, made of metals, need a licence to buy or own, used for hunting
Gun	many different kinds, used to shoot bullets or bebes or paintballs, very dangerous, need a license to buy
Gun	in some states one can have this without a license, in some states you cannot conceal this, can be used for protection, made of metal, uses bullets, can be dangerous, has been used for killing people, has a trigger, makes a loud banging sound, can damage hearing
Gun	usually a weapon, used for hunting or in war, many types, small handguns to large machine guns, point of dissension in America, gun owners want their right to keep and bear arms, used for defense
Gun	dangerous, weapon, killing tool, shoots bullets, gets people in trouble
Gun	used to fire bullets, used for hunting, gang members
Gun	is used for hunting, can be dangerous, different types such as muzzle loader, rifle, shot gun, create issues regarding laws, are very complex
Gun	hunting, weapon, bullet, manliness
Gun	shoot, hunt, weapon.
Gun	shoots, weapon, brown, bullets, barrel, trigger
Gun	weapon that discharges bullets, intended to kill animals or or living creatures, used by hunters or police
Gun	a weapon, used to hurt or kill, used on both targets animals and humans. 
Gun	
Gun	is a metal instrument that shoots bullets, is used to fight wars, can kill people or animals
Gun	a device used to launch small projectiles usually through means of chemical rections. a homemade tattoo machine can sometimes be called a gun.
Gun	pistole, war, wild west, cops, 
Gun	a weapon, powerful, can kill, can protect, many varieties, shoots a projectile, is loud, can be used for good or evil, creates disorder, restores order, changed the ways wars are fought, a human creation
Gun	deadly, useful, scarey, weapon
Gun	shoots bullets. Is an item that gang members usually carry. Something used for hunting. Fun to shoot. 
Gun	bullets, wood, metal, fire, trigger
Gun	firearm, pistol, rifle, shoots ammunition, uses gun powder and metal, fires a projectile, used in warfare, comes in many different forms, sizes range from handheld to mounted on battleships,
Gun	is dangerous, is metal.
Gun	Colt 45; AK-47; military; hunting; shooting for fun; dangerous; Columbine; safety; offense; defense; often hefty, solid; metal; can have a wood stock; important to clean them and keep them safe; common in MT
Gun	
Gun	shoots bullets, kills animals and people, keeps the piece
Gun	killing, murder, war, police, hillbillies, pistol, bullets, ammunition, loud, powerful
Gun	a weapon usually made of metal, wood, and plastic that uses gunpowder to fire metal projectiles; dangerous; used for protection and in war
Gun	a shooting device, propels certian objects into the air at a high speed, 
Gun	weapon, dangerous, shoots bullets, 
Gun	is shiny, is loud, is powerful, is dangerous, can kill, good for hunting, 
Happy	In good spirits, opposite of sad, induces smiles, buoyant, light and airy in nature
Happy	a feeling, 
Happy	Emotion, in a good mood, excited about something, enjoyable to be around, something people want to be
Happy	emotion, smiles, laughs, nice, good
Happy	to be content, smile, to have fun, to love life
Happy	the expression of serotonin, smiling, good feeling, facial expressions
Happy	the opposite of sad, is connected with smiles
Happy	excitement, love,comics, excersise, smiles, laughter
Happy	is a feeling of self assurance, is when you get a good grade on a paper, is when you and your boyfriend are in love, is when you get a new pet.
Happy	emotion, to show joy, in a good mood, smile, occurs when having fun, when something good happens
Happy	clown, success, intoxication
Happy	it makes you smile, lifts your spirits, endorphins
Happy	 Smiling, laughing
Happy	a feeling, excitement, to be pleased with something
Happy	Every person's desire. Everyone wants to be happy one day. It is every person's dream.
Happy	an emotion, smiles, pink cheeks, shows in their body language, 
Happy	is looks like a smell, people laugh, it is a good mood, is is when people are having fun, its drawn with bright colors, smiley face
Happy	satisfied, content, not sad
Happy	not sad, is an emotion
Happy	
Happy	emotional state of mind that requires continuous action in order to maintain. Everyone's experience of happy is different.
Happy	joyous, result of good news or experiences, common emotion
Happy	a feeling expressed by people and some animals, a good feeling,
Happy	smiling, teeth, good mood, laughing, caring, loves life, self certain, confident
Happy	state of mind, smile, laughter, feeling that people love to have, can be caused by many situations, joy
Happy	a good feeling, 
Happy	joy, experience when one's life is good, exhibited by a smiling face, glad, 
Happy	a pleasant state on contentment, something all humans desire and seek out
Happy	smile, emotion
Happy	 birthday, glad, excited, stoked, cant wait
Happy	is a dwarf in Snow White, joyful, feelings that make you feel good, can be happy from sunshine or exercise or from doing good deeds or from having things go your way or from feeling in control
Happy	is an emotion, smile
Happy	peaceful, hard to obtain
Happy	joy, warm, glad, smiles, love makes you feel this way, so does ice cream and sweets. 
Happy	smile, yellow, sunshine, nice, enjoyable, good mood, pleasent, pleasing, friendly
Happy	Happy is a positive emotion. Associated with joy, gladness, elation, ebullience.  It is generally a good thing.
Happy	is an emotion, joy, birthday
Happy	is a mental state, is an emotion, connotes positive feelings, is shown by a smile or laughter
Happy	elated, excited, emotional state, opposite of sad, increase in endorphins and seretonin can cause this state, can only be observed (not physically examined), behavior, smile, laughter, good feeling
Happy	Smiling, laughing
Happy	makes you smile, you are in a good mood, is a type of mood, gives a type of facial expression, 
Happy	is a positive feeling, difficult to define but usually refers to a state of well-being
Happy	Happy
Happy	cheerful, funny, comedy, good day, weddings and birthdays
Happy	smiles, giggles, laughs, radiance, rainbows
Happy	optimistic, yellow, smile, laugh, love, peace, energetic, sunshine, summertime, proud, feeling
Happy	joyful. smiley face. not overly excited. contentedness. goal in life. warm gun, mama
Happy	a positive emotion of joy, being content or pleased
Happy	put a smile on your face, 
Happy	joyful, pleasure,blessed
Happy	emotion, good things, smile, content, good mood
Happy	content, smiling, feel good, how children feel when they get new toys
Happy	emotion, smiles, joy, laughter
Happy	describes an emotion that is positive, describes sensations felt by the brain and emotions show on the body, shows on the body and in the brain
Happy	smiling, cheerful, good natured, internal happiness, party, special occasion, 
Happy	gay, makes people smile, good feeling
Happy	in a good mood, joy, not depressed
Happy	is a positive thing, not bad emotions, have an optimistic outlook, are enjoying themselves, is a mood, can come or go at any point in time
Happy	content
Happy	good mood, a happy camper, cheerful, tickled pink, perky playful, chipper.
Happy	blessed, satisfied, smiles, cheerful, blissful, feet
Happy	state of joy, opposite of sad, state of mind accompanied with elatedness
Happy	the feeling of joy, being content, not sad
Happy	
Happy	is an emotion, is a smile, is contagious, is nice
Happy	to experience joy, the opposite of sad. a golfer with a unique swing.
Happy	sad, joy, birthdays, christams
Happy	a pleasurable state of mind, indicative of good things, a mood, a desired state,
Happy	smile, wonderful feeling, makes people feel good, a mood, 
Happy	Birthdays, weddings, children being born. A thought that is exhillirating. smiles. How my wife makes me feel.
Happy	Easter, Chirstmas, smile, joy
Happy	feeling of contentment, success, opposite of mad, pleased
Happy	is nice, is bright, is smiley.
Happy	completely subjective; can be happy with life or in life - it's up to you; everyone wants to be happy; the opposite of sad or dissatisfied; associated with colors (yellow, bright blue or pink) and smells (Grandma's cookies, significant other)
Happy	
Happy	nice, goood place, cartoons
Happy	sad, smiles, people, Walmart smiley, love, girls, friends, family, mountain, powder, powder, powder, pow pow, gnar pow
Happy	not sad; feeling fullfilled; having people or things that you love
Happy	joyful, in a good mood, feel good about something, people who are happy typically smile
Happy	glad, joyful, good mood, opposite of upset
Happy	is a state of being, shows joy, is good, laughter, when one is content, 
Heat	a measure of temperature, passion, a sensation of hotness
Heat	hot, opposite of cold, 
Heat	Warm, name of a basketball team
Heat	high temperatures, hot, weather, climate
Heat	makes you sweat, is what comes from fire, can cause heat stroke
Heat	thermodynamics, enthalpy, thermal energy, infrared radiation, 
Heat	is molecules moving fast and rubbing against each other creating heat
Heat	warm, hot, mexico, deserts, dry, humid, thermostat,oven, stove, cooking, blankets, sweats, sweaters, socks
Heat	is the temperature, usually hot. it is the amount of calories given off by an object.
Heat	can be felt, to much or to little, produced by burning fossil fuels, fire, burn
Heat	from the sun, burns, can hurt
Heat	causes one to sweat, feels warm, caused by the sun
Heat	 Warm
Heat	warmth, fire, something created by the body
Heat	Used to combat cold. Expensive, things can be burned to create it. Comfort and relaxation.
Heat	is hot, produced by fire, or appliances, used for keeping something warm or cooking something
Heat	opposite of cold, source of energy, made from a stove, cooks food, keeps human warm, is delightful, made from fire, comes from the sun
Heat	warmth, hot, red, 
Heat	opposite of cold, can burn things, has different intensities
Heat	
Heat	a measurement of energy, a product of fire, used for cooking and staying warm
Heat	used for cooking, burns, can be destructive, is red and orange, provides light, hot, produces smoke, 
Heat	hot, sun, 
Heat	hot, winter, layers, clothes, red
Heat	warmth, sun, temperature, can be bad if there is too much
Heat	makes people sweat
Heat	hot, produced by energy, causes the body to sweat
Heat	energy derived from the speed of the movement of atomic molecules.  can also be described as warmth, as in a heater providing warmth to a building to make it a temperature that is comfortable to humans
Heat	hot
Heat	 miami, basketball, dry, hot, sun, summer, beach, water, sun burn, oven, fire
Heat	hot temperature, can also "take some heat" for something you did someone doesn't like
Heat	hot,
Heat	red, fire, exotic, chemistry, partner
Heat	burn, fire, keeps things warm. needed in the Winter cold months, water feels better this way
Heat	hot, the sun, warm, nice, apply heat, cook, bake, 
Heat	Heat is warmth. It can be supplied through gas or electricity. It is the opposite of cold. Extreme heat can be associated with deserts, sweating, Phoenix, and hyperthermia.
Heat	warm, fire, rocks, sun, flame, fireplace, matches
Heat	is hot, can come from the sun, fire, electricity or gas, feels good, is comfortable, is given off by warm-blooded creatures, requires energy
Heat	hot, warm, causing body temperature to rise, electric, gas, fire, woodstove, oven, sun, increase in temperature, arid, dry, desert
Heat	warmth, summer, sunshine, power
Heat	hot, makes you sweat, produced from a high temperature, 
Heat	means warmth, comes from the sun, stoves, lights, heaters in homes
Heat	Heat
Heat	wave of hot steam, given out through fire or sun
Heat	can be hot or warm, comes from a heater, comes from a fire, radiates through the air, colorless, can be felt, often turned up during winter months.
Heat	sun, pant, hallucinate, radiate
Heat	enthalpy. joules. different from temperature. quantifiable. delta h.
Heat	positive change in temperature, warmth, positive change in energy causing a change in temp, a division of a competion
Heat	is warm, comes from fire, electric, 
Heat	keeps you warm, can burn, 
Heat	fire, furnace, uncomfortable, cooking
Heat	is hot, involves fire or burning something, is released during exothermic reactions, keeps things warm,
Heat	radiates, rises, naturally comes from the sun, artificially comes from appliances, used when it's cold, can cook food, necessity for live, used to warm a house, given off by fire
Heat	happens when exposed to the sun, or to a flame, comes form burning things, or natural hot things (lava), can come from two human bodies coming in contact, can come from blood rushing to the face, or excessive exercise
Heat	keeping warm in winter, indoor electricity, gas stove, wood stove, outside sunshine, summertime, tropical climate
Heat	hot, warm, good
Heat	warm up, to eat, warm body, fire
Heat	is high in temperature, can be dangerous such as fire, can be man made such as a stove or naturally occurring from the sun
Heat	fire
Heat	warm, sun, temperature, anger, passion, hotness.
Heat	warm, opposite of cold, blanket, furnace, hot, costs money
Heat	creates the feeling of warmth, its a form of energy, 
Heat	warmth, the release of energy, solar driven
Heat	
Heat	is warmth, is fire, is a thermostat, is a blanket
Heat	when a femal mammal is ovulating. a description of temperature. an action: to make something hot.
Heat	fire, fire place , furnace, blanket, sun,
Heat	energy, warm, hot, from the sun, used to create electricity, can be destructive in excess, desired to eliminate cold, can be thermal, can be latent, used to eliminate the presence of water
Heat	warmth, not cold, to warm something up
Heat	A stove. fire. a blacksmiths forge. something you need to live in a cold climate. most babies like it. can hatch fertile eggs.
Heat	warm, Hawaii, tropical, light, sunshine
Heat	level of high temperature, opposite of cold, movie with Val Kilmer, 
Heat	is red
Heat	the opposite of cold; high average kinetic energy; flame; sun; often associated with light; burn; things can "smell" hot - like dirt or metal; can denature proteins or otherwise modify organic substances
Heat	
Heat	a basketball team, produces energy, yellow and orange
Heat	hot, science, thermometer, heat transfer
Heat	warmth; made by fire or electricity
Heat	a warm temperature, can come from the sun, can come from some type of a heating source
Heat	hot, opposite of cold
Heat	is warmth, the opposite of cold, can burn you, fire makes heat, is how summertime feels, 
House	home, somewhere to live, rooms, a door, windows, a habitat
House	the structure. a place were you life. can be three stores tall.
House	A shelter that stands alone, not apartments, or general term for where someone lives
House	place you live, doors, windows, home, inside/outside
House	home, where you live, is big, is cozy, has furnature, where family is
House	a place for inhabitance, a tv show, something girls play
House	is a residence, a place to live, a place to sleep
House	warm, safe, clean, organized, welcoming, smells good, open
House	is where someone lives. is big, is where families are made. is where kids can run around and discover who they are.
House	where people live, made of wood, has insulation, provides protection, provides shelter and protection, has walls and a roof 
House	warm, home, place to keep your belongings, expensive
House	is a place where you live, has rooms, is made of wood, has windows and doors, has a bathroom, has a living room, has a kitchen, contains a family
House	 Big, holds people
House	a place where one lives, a structure one would call home, protection from environment, where one lives
House	4 walls and a roof. Somewhere people live in, home sweet home, comfort, security. 
House	shelter, big or small, can be colored, made of many different elements, 
House	it is made, it protects, it is large, made of wood, painted, has many rooms, is lived in, has a roof, is a home, is common
House	home, building, has rooms
House	where people live, is shelter, can keep people warm
House	
House	A place to live, a shelter, protects you from the elements.
House	home, warm welcoming place, has multiple rooms, may be large or small 
House	place to live, has rooms such as bedrooms, kithcen and bathroom, furniture to fill it, landscape outside it
House	warm, inviting, bed, couch, kitchen, dinner, food, family
House	home, comforting, family, place where most people love to be, place some college students look forward to going, place where you can be yourself
House	people live in these
House	is a type of building, a type of shelter, an individual or family lives here, 
House	a structure that people live in, may have a yard, a door, windows, walls, a roof, and multiple floors
House	roof, family, bedrooms
House	 apartment, where the heart is, furniture, cups, glasses, plates, forks, parents, food
House	where people live, their dwelling, designed to protect its residents from the elements, keep them dry and warmalso refers to a legislative body 
House	what you live in
House	protection, security
House	a secure place that keeps you warm and safe from the outside.Many in rows in suburbs and many made of wood, concrete and even clay.animals make their own houses and use them for refuge.
House	home, living, family, fun, comfortable, enjoyable, necessitiy, shelter, roommates, garage, rooms, bedroom, bed, kitchen, food, keeper of important things, expensive, 
House	A house is a structure in which people live. To many, it is a home. It often has windows, a door, a living room, a dining room, bedrooms, bathrooms, perhaps an attic or a basement, and is generally owned by the people that reside in it. It can be many colors, surrounded by a fence, and often has a lawn outside of it.
House	where you live, home, made of brick, wood, metal, concrete, windows, porches, basement, mortgage
House	is shelter, is a dwelling, is built, has a door and windows, is warm, 
House	location for storing belongings, construct that provides shelter, provides safety from the elements, can become a home with family, house of representatives (governing body)
House	where you live, has bedrooms, kitchen, bathrooms
House	family, a building, could be made on cement, wood, or stucko, a place of shelter, a place of serenity, a place of comfort, has rooms, generally has four sides
House	is a place of living for families or individuals, inside usually contains bedrooms, a kitchen, and one or more bathrooms, made of different materials depending on the area or country
House	House
House	a home, where we go for safety, where the family lives
House	place of residence, consists of a roof and siding, some have a garage, contains a kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, and livingroom, has a door and windows. comes in many colors
House	tv, street, home, building, live
House	home. where i live. got a roof. basement. surrounded by yard. mailbox. could be a cabin. stupid tv show
House	a dwelling for a living thing, keep something protected
House	is a home, has rooms, is comforting, eat sleep and drink there, 
House	a shelter, a building, has a bed and tv and heat and AC
House	living, family, neighborhood, suburb, home
House	a place to live, protects people from weather, where families spend time together, is warm and inviting, is expensive
House	home, many different rooms, has a living room, has a kitchen, has bedrooms for people to sleep, has bathrooms, carpet or wood floors, electricity, running water, staircases
House	where people use for shelter, where people find comfort, where people eat and sleep, where people keep all their belongings, where people have a family, where people go home to after work
House	domicile, place to live, family enclave, home, palatial or poor, mansion, apartment, dog house
House	home, safe, warmth, protection, where we live
House	where people live, shelter, place for living and making food
House	is a place where one lives, can be made of wood and contain many elements, is hand built, provides a place to sleep
House	home, family, comfort, childhood
House	Built, home, live, family, building.
House	home, curtains, door, mortgage, foundation, cement, wood, log, rugs, couch, chair, table, paint, primer, costs money
House	a place where people live, its a building that provides shelter, is furnished with furniture and appliances, 
House	where people live, provides protection from elements
House	
House	is where you live, is comfotable, is warm, is nice, is decorated, is where you sleep, is where you spend the majority of your time
House	4 walls and a roof. something that is lived in. a show about a dr.
House	shelter, doctor, four walls and a roof, a hut, a castle
House	physical structure, human dwelling, can be large, can be luxurious, can be small, shelter from weather, a place to live, a place to store belongings, a status symbol, limitless designs, a warm place, a protective structure
House	shelter, a place where a family lives, contains almost all the necessary things for living inside
House	is something you live in. has a sloped roof. sometimes has a white picket fence. a place to live that is very expensive to own.
House	shelter, home, family, friends, safety, haven, wood, metal, logs, plastic, chimney, has a kitchen, bedroom, living room, dinning room, bathroom
House	place to live, built of stone wood or metal, usually consists of rooms, contains a kitchen bathroom bedrooms livingrooms, 
House	is shelter
House	where one sleeps and eat, or at least keeps one's stuff; often houses a family unit, whatever that looks like; can be rented or owned; insurance is a must; can be big or little; kitchens are important to houses
House	
House	nice place, confortable, at ease 
House	home, architecture, people, dwelling, warm, safe,
House	place where people live; small or big; made of many materials
House	a building where someone lives, a building where people call home, typically has a least 4 walls and a roof
House	home, humans live there, roof, kitchen, bathroom, bedrooms, yard
House	is a building, is where people live, is made of wood, is warm, can burn down, 
Hurricane	a terrible windstorm, a cyclone, tropical storm, Katrina, New Orleans
Hurricane	a storm, the name of a wrestlers characters name. it has high winds, rain, hail. found in the ocean. storm can go on to land.
Hurricane	Powerful weather system, start in ocean, can cause lots of destruction
Hurricane	giant wave, destructive, deadly, dangerous, given human names
Hurricane	is a weather formation, causes damage, katrina, floods, wind , rain, coastal areas
Hurricane	florida, a team in florida, devastating to towns, weather pattern
Hurricane	is a storm, occurs along the east coast, has strong winds, does a lot of damage
Hurricane	Cold , windy , destructive, wet, overwhelming, unimaginable, 
Hurricane	is what damaged a large part of the united states. hurricanes are created in the ocean, and work their way to land.
Hurricane	weather, high winds, tides, water on shore, floods, on land and in ocean
Hurricane	wind, gail force, destruction, 
Hurricane	is dangerous, is a large storm, it causes flooding, it is scary, it causes high winds, it causes large amounts of rain
Hurricane	Is windy, dangerous, wet.
Hurricane	dangerous, natural disaster, wind, rain, a bad storm, destroys things
Hurricane	Powerful winds and rain that caused destruction and damage, Katrina, Indonesia.
Hurricane	a storm, distructive, usualy given a name, brings wind and sometimes rain, 
Hurricane	made of wind, strong, scary, destructive, huge, it is in nature, it is unstoppable, it is over the ocean, it makes waves
Hurricane	storm, dangerous, windy, rainy, destructive
Hurricane	type of storm, destroys stuff
Hurricane	
Hurricane	A natural disaster involving wind and water. Can be devastating to civilization and wildlife. 
Hurricane	destructive, intense rain and wind, calm in the center, causes flooding, 
Hurricane	a weather event that can be devastating
Hurricane	bad weather, Katrina, poor people, ocean, wind, palm trees, down south
Hurricane	natural disaster, destroy everything in their path, causes much heartache,  heavy winds, commonly happen on the east coast, very scary
Hurricane	a giant wind that rips up everything and only happens around oceans because it comes over the water
Hurricane	huge wave of water, destructive, has a calm center called the eye
Hurricane	a huge tropical storm, has an eye of calm weather in the middle, surrounded by a spiraling cloud of extreme wind and rain, causes much damage from wind and flooding, humans usually give them human names
Hurricane	causes natural disasters
Hurricane	 storm, miami, football, rain, wind, circle, florida, andrew, money, plywood, death, disaster
Hurricane	Andrew, Katrina, natural disaster, humans often unprepared, has high winds, lots of water 
Hurricane	destroys
Hurricane	destructive, awesome, powerful, unemotional, 
Hurricane	Strong weather occurring near or around water. strong winds, dangerous and frightening.
Hurricane	wind, rain, destructive, forced, ocean, coasts, boats, dead, survivors, levy, New Orleans, Katrina, FEMA, red cross, help, endangered, no home, water, waves
Hurricane	A hurricane is a malestrom of wind and water that wreaks havoc on land.  It is very large and can be very destructive.  Hurricanes have had a major impact on New Orleans as well as in the Caribbean.
Hurricane	is a natural disaster, water, wind, Katrina, New Orleans
Hurricane	causes destruction, is made of water and wind, is a natural disaster, has human names, happens near coastal areas, 
Hurricane	storm, giant waves, high winds, can cause extreme damage to structures and wildlife, can kill, act of nature, eye of a storm, rotating winds
Hurricane	alot of water, storm, scary, wind, damaging
Hurricane	has high force winds, stronger winds around the eye, is a circle, forms in the atlantic ocean, 
Hurricane	used to describe a particular type of weather, a storm with wind and water
Hurricane	Hurricane
Hurricane	wind, storms, spins, death
Hurricane	terrible storm comming from the ocean onto land, Katrina, New Orleans, damaging, contains rain and high winds
Hurricane	strength, power, torture, windy, damaging
Hurricane	Mardi Gras. slushy. rum. also, a huge storm. winds above 60mph. alot of rain. destroy florida and the carribean islands. sometimes texas
Hurricane	a weather occurrence typically with high winds, rain, cricular motion of the atmosphere, 
Hurricane	powerful beyond belief, devastating, lots of rain and wind, mardi gra, new orleans
Hurricane	is a large storm, wind,rain,loud, destruction, New Orleans 
Hurricane	storm, displacement, disaster, destruction, new orleans, katrina, consequences, oceans
Hurricane	natural disaster, involves lots of wind and water, ruins cities, is deadly, comes off of the ocean, causes huge waves of water, destroys buildings
Hurricane	wind over water, causes tsunamis, usually in warm climates with large bodies of water, detrimental, deadly, has an "eye" that is very calm, twisting winds
Hurricane	can destroy places and people, happen because of warm air currents over ocean waters, can be very destructive, has an "eye," causes flooding
Hurricane	force of nature, destructive, have names given alphabetically to identify, unexpected, winds 
Hurricane	storm, water, causes damage, kills people
Hurricane	a large storm, normally in southeast u.s.
Hurricane	is a natural disaster, can create damage to land and homes, occurs more in the south and by oceans, creates water damage
Hurricane	storm, destruction, ocean, coasts, weather, season
Hurricane	terrorize, bad, huge, wind, violent.
Hurricane	Destructive, windy, water, Katrina, names, unpleasant 
Hurricane	severe tropical storm,has heavy wind and rain, destroys houses and towns
Hurricane	a natural disaster, occurs near the ocean, a huge tropical storm, can cause much damage 
Hurricane	
Hurricane	is a severe tropical storm, is in the ocean, produces high winds, can damage obstacles in its path, is violent, is a cyclone
Hurricane	a water tornado. a weather event. high speed winds, heavy rain or hail, can be very destructive and deadly. a popular song by poison 'rock you like a hurricane'
Hurricane	katrina, new orleans, miamai, caribean, tropics, wind rain, destruction
Hurricane	a destructive, high-energy system of wind and water, formed in the oceans, massive amount of energy, formed under certain conditions, uncontrollable, powerful, 
Hurricane	natural disaster, water destroying cities/land, tragic
Hurricane	Katrina, a very violent storm that usually causes a lot of damage. Is very very windy. Rain is usually involved. The perfect storm was based on a hurricane.
Hurricane	wind, water, destroy disaster
Hurricane	tropical storm, storm formed over the ocean, usually largely devastating, named in ascending order starting with A. 
Hurricane	is windy
Hurricane	Katrina; New Orleans; wind speeds; 145 mph?; rain; destruction; forms over the ocean
Hurricane	
Hurricane	katrina, distruction, deaths, bad news for everyone
Hurricane	death, water, rain, waves, wind, people, debris, destruction
Hurricane	is a swirling mass of air that moves over the water; very destructive; brings rain and hail and lightning; is called a typhoon in other parts of the world
Hurricane	a type of storm that originates over water, has high winds and rain, can do a lot of damage if powerfull enough
Hurricane	high wind, causes flooding, in the oceasn, severe weather
Hurricane	is loud, is windy, is rainy, is destructive, comes in the summer
Hurry	someone who is late, in a rush, frazzled
Hurry	to move fast
Hurry	In a rush, trying to go quickly
Hurry	do something quickly, fast, no time, late
Hurry	to rush, to be late, to be faster, is used to make peolple arrive sooner
Hurry	what i'm doing, to do quickly, school, american society 
Hurry	is the act of going at a higher rate of speed
Hurry	pick up the pace, lets get going, go faster, forget things, poor work due to to fast
Hurry	is when you are in a state where you must work quickly to get something done. like i am working quickly to get this done before the 60 minutes run out. 
Hurry	it is an action, it is to do something rapidly, moving fast, complete as fast as possible
Hurry	up! 
Hurry	to go fast, to be quick, involves running, causes one to be frantic
Hurry	To run, scamper
Hurry	Call for attention, one would do this if they are late for something, used as an action
Hurry	To speed up your actions to meet a deadline. Adjust what you are doing to meet a goal. Sometimes leads to forgetfulness or negative products.
Hurry	a verb
Hurry	the feeling of rushing, speed, happens in the morning, 
Hurry	be quick, 
Hurry	go fast, opposite of go slow
Hurry	
Hurry	this is an action where you move fast in order to get to a destination or to get a task done.
Hurry	to move fast, sense of urgency, can lead to poor work
Hurry	fast pace, can be walking or any activty you can hurry through
Hurry	quick, fast, don't be late, time
Hurry	commotion, disorder, haste, urgent, to do something rapidly, no delay
Hurry	to not slack around to move something fast
Hurry	speed up, rush, take as little time as possible to do something
Hurry	attempting to do something in less time than would ordinariy be alloted, such as when a limited amount of time exists to complete a task
Hurry	rushing, fast pace
Hurry	 run, fast, get up, wake up, jump in
Hurry	go faster, means to increase speed, usually refers to speed not tempo, sometimes you can not hurry, associated with impatience 
Hurry	in a rush
Hurry	fast, hectic, busy, no time, constantly moving
Hurry	in a rush, fast, run or fast walk,  running late will make you do this, something done quickly or in a jiffy
Hurry	fast, in a rush, not enough time, quick, 
Hurry	Hurry is implicating the necessity of movement or going. It is generally necessary when one is late.
Hurry	pressed for time, New Yorkers, clock
Hurry	go fast, be rushed, is a state of being, produces anxiety
Hurry	rush, speed, race, don't be late, fast, expedite, asap, be on time
Hurry	fast, quickly, desperate, immediate, last minute, emergency
Hurry	to be rushed, to get somewhere quick, not having patience, 
Hurry	to move quickly, fast, rushing, done when time is limited to get somewhere or do something
Hurry	Hurry
Hurry	faster, opposite of slowly, you hurry when you have a meeting/appointment to get to
Hurry	quick, fast, with speed, done in order to get someplace quickly
Hurry	faster, pacing, impatient
Hurry	rush. huff. race the clock. walk fast. not quite desperate yet. ASAP
Hurry	moving quickly, to be behind schedule and try to make up for lost time
Hurry	to be in a rush, impatience, to run or drive fast
Hurry	go fast, to rush, go quick
Hurry	impatience, rushed
Hurry	be quick, in a rush, things need to happen fast
Hurry	rush, not paying attention to detail, running late, move too quickly
Hurry	to go quickly, to finish something fast, to get to an end before time runs out, to feel rushed
Hurry	move faster than normal, rush through things, on a schedule, be on time, hurry children, superficial, quickly
Hurry	not much time, american way
Hurry	go fast, rush
Hurry	to move quickly, to need to complete something quickly, having a lot of things to do, to not take ones time
Hurry	impatient
Hurry	Fast, late, motion, speed, push, quick, rush, dash, urgent.
Hurry	Fast, quick, late
Hurry	to quicken in speed
Hurry	to rush , to speed, to attempt to complete an act
Hurry	
Hurry	to be moving towards something quickly, quickly moving your feet, driving fast
Hurry	rush, go faster, increase in speed, something you say to someone when they are going too slowly. what you are in when you are running behind.
Hurry	late, quick, rabbits, bullet train, work, school
Hurry	fast actions, a sense of urgency, a way of performing actions, to speed up a process
Hurry	fast, sometimes causes carelessness
Hurry	Walking fast to get to an appointment. rushing to get things done. 
Hurry	quickly, fast, now, rush
Hurry	to be in a quickened state, fast, to move swiftly, opposite of slow
Hurry	is running
Hurry	what happens when someone's running late; often leads to mistakes or accidents; rhymes with and is associated with "scurry"; looks frantic 
Hurry	
Hurry	rush, quick
Hurry	traffic, little kid, school, work, fast running , smoke
Hurry	moving fast; needing to get somewhere quickly
Hurry	in a rush, moving fast, 
Hurry	rushed, busy
Hurry	rush, go fast, be late, speed, 
Ignore	to purposefully disregard something, to neglect something, to defy something you were told
Ignore	to forget
Ignore	Not pay attention too, 
Ignore	no attention, not noticeable, rude
Ignore	to not listen, zone out, not pay attention
Ignore	to stop talking, to not acknowledge, to block out
Ignore	is rude, creates enemies, is mean, is done to prove a point
Ignore	dislike, not interested , selective hearing, disagree, rude, unhelpful, annoying
Ignore	ignore; is the act of silencing someone or something out of our attention. people ignore things that are annoying. like little brothers. college students like to ignore the fact that they have homework, so they can go hang out with their friends.
Ignore	to over look, action, to not care
Ignore	turn away, dont talk
Ignore	to shun someone, involves being rude
Ignore	 Anger
Ignore	to not pay attention to, exile, to degrade, not being listened to or heard, a defense tactic
Ignore	Something you do to someone you don't particularly care for. Can do this on a phone when being called.
Ignore	dont accept, dont listen to.
Ignore	to not pay attention, to be mean to someone
Ignore	not acknowledge, dont pay attention to
Ignore	not pay attention
Ignore	
Ignore	A conscious decision not to listen or pay attention.
Ignore	to avoid something, avoidance of an uncomfortable situation
Ignore	don't acknowledge, deny, an insult, form of behavior, annoyance
Ignore	deny, no talking, fighting, drama, girls
Ignore	not acknowledge, reject, very frustrating
Ignore	to not pay attention to someone or something
Ignore	to not pay attention to
Ignore	to not pay attention to, or not take notice of, can be frustrating for the person being ignored
Ignore	cold shoulder, not listening
Ignore	 dont talk to, leave alone, no contact with, keep space
Ignore	"ignore" and "like" buttons, to tune out, to dismiss, to stop looking at or listening or interacting with someone, can be out of shame, out of embarrassment, out of frustration or anger, can be aggravating, or can be productive to ignore someone, can ignore people or things/issues
Ignore	to not pay attention to someone
Ignore	disrespectful
Ignore	Left alone, abandoned, not paid attention to. In the background, often missed and goes unnoticed.You can ignore negative and positive things. When ignored you feel hurt. Something that does not stand out.
Ignore	not paying attention, avoid, look away, mean, 
Ignore	To ignore is to inhibit.  That is, a person might willingly inhibit an environmental stimulus in order to not hear/process it.
Ignore	not look at, avoid
Ignore	is a behavior, is a lack of attention, can be accidental or intentional, can cause irritation in others, is essential for focused attention, can be passive or active
Ignore	avoid, refreain from looking at or responding to, ability to drone out competing stimuli
Ignore	do not give attention to
Ignore	to not respond to someone, to not pay attention, could deal with the unconscious, "spacing out"
Ignore	inattention, to not pay attention to something, to dismiss
Ignore	Ignore
Ignore	ignorance, don't care, don't pay attention
Ignore	not listening or responding, often done when an individual does not want to associate or communicate with another
Ignore	forget, annoy, left out, hurt, unbelievable
Ignore	not pay attention to. zone out. pretend it doesnt exist. not heed. go thru
Ignore	pay no regard to a object or occurrence
Ignore	a negative thing, unless its pain, contains flaws 
Ignore	overlook,not paying attention, to disregard
Ignore	inattention, makes something seem not important
Ignore	dont pay any attention to, can be considered rude, useful to tune out annoying sounds or people
Ignore	don't pay any attention to, cold shoulder, unimportant
Ignore	turning a cold sholder, not activily listening to a response by one or more people
Ignore	seeing but not wanting to acknowledge, too busy, too distracted 
Ignore	rude, uninterested, denied
Ignore	do not respond to, do not listen  to
Ignore	to not respond to or listen to something, can be offensive and hurtful, or also positive if someone is ignoring something bad, it is to not pay attention to
Ignore	not important, disregard
Ignore	not acknowledge, pretend they aren't there, not take a call.
Ignore	avoid, be oblivious to, blink, brush off, hate, be mad at, snobby
Ignore	to refuse to acknowledge something, neglect, parents do this to whining children
Ignore	to neglect something, leave something be
Ignore	
Ignore	is to not pay attention, not listen to what others are saying, is to tune people out, is rude
Ignore	to act as though something, someone, or some situation either does not exist or is not what it seems to be.
Ignore	pay no mind, haters, attention seekers
Ignore	not a noun, to disregard information or physical presence, can be beneficial, can be detrimental, 
Ignore	to not pay attention to
Ignore	not responding to stimulus. putting something out of your mind.
Ignore	quiet, fight
Ignore	to not give attention to, disregard, 
Ignore	is hard to deal with.
Ignore	to not acknowledge someone or something; cold shoulder; passive aggressive; comes from anger sometimes, ignorance other times; looks mean or ignorant when it happens
Ignore	
Ignore	don't care about, shut up, don't listen
Ignore	bug off, walk away, don't listen, mean, annoying, loser, weird
Ignore	not paying attention to something; not very nice; sometimes difficult
Ignore	to not pay attenting to, intentionaly not notice, not see or here, give no attention to
Ignore	to pretend a person is not there
Ignore	not pay attention to, cats do it, to neglect
Item	makes up a larger object/picture/idea, a component, a thing
Item	object
Item	Things in stores for purchase
Item	inanimate objects, in stores, bought, owned, stored, all sizes, vague
Item	a thing, a hand held object, something you can see
Item	a thing, a possession,  
Item	an object or thing
Item	shopping, money, creation on a list, 
Item	is anything that has value. either money value, sentimental value, or mass value. an item is anything and everything.
Item	object 
Item	how many things are on your grocery list
Item	is a thing, is an object, 
Item	Something you possess.
Item	something that can be held, material
Item	Something you can hold, something material and solid. Non perceptual.
Item	
Item	one thing of many, anything, a physical object, picked out by people
Item	something, object
Item	thing, at a grocery store, lots of different ones
Item	
Item	Anything can be considered an item. Where it is an object or even an idea or topic. A general term for a noun similar to "thing"
Item	a thing to be purchased or used, used to describe a variety or inanimate things, singular term
Item	could be an infinate number of things,
Item	groceries, scanner, computer, labels
Item	object, word used to describe a lot of things, something of interest, 
Item	a thing
Item	a noun, an individual thing, a piece of something
Item	anything that physically takes up space, can be something big enough for us to see and pick up, or so tiny that we cant pick it up or see it
Item	
Item	 sell, bar code, store, price, things
Item	item is a thing, but it can also contain many things - like a matrix, or a vector in math, you get one "item" as a carryon on a plane, but your one item may contain 10 items inside the bag
Item	something you can physicaly hold in your hand
Item	material goods, agenda, 
Item	something found in stores. one thing you need or want. When shopping often has a price tag on it. a thing that is wanted or needed. a noun
Item	thing, something, object, specific concept, unit
Item	An item is a thing.  In data collection, it can also refer to a specific stimulus.
Item	a thing, specific, object
Item	is a thing, is specific, is one, 
Item	thing, object, sland referring to when two people become a couple
Item	used to describe something
Item	is an object
Item	is a broad term, can describe nearly anything, most often describes unidentified or untitled objects
Item	Item
Item	a thing, singular, important sometimes
Item	object, bought from a store or made at home, used for many different purposes, made of various materials and is of different colors and sizes
Item	material, thing, object, 
Item	anything. thing. just one. usually in a list. each. 
Item	any physical object
Item	an object, something selected
Item	a whole unite, used in lists and categories
Item	things, consumer, shopping, buying
Item	something you can buy, used to describe an object, there are many different ones
Item	any physical thing, one part of a set, could be referring to a couple
Item	can be any object, seen on reciepts at stores
Item	things in a grocery cart, something of concern, sundries, things
Item	objects, 
Item	an object, could be anything
Item	an object, can refer to any physical object
Item	thing, material possession
Item	groceries, inventory, part, feature, details, components. 
Item	part, article, grocery, number, news, notice, inventory
Item	something smaller that is from a larger group, can be used to make a list
Item	an object, tangible, usual has cost 
Item	
Item	something that can be picked up and has weight and mass
Item	any physical thing. also when people are in a relationship, they can be called an item.
Item	object, tool, robot, ear, anything, everything
Item	an object, can be practically anything, usually a physical thing, sometimes a mental idea, 
Item	object, something you may buy at the grocery store
Item	Something you buy. one thing. two people who are dating.
Item	sold, bar code, buyers
Item	bought at a supermarket, describes anything, piece of substance
Item	is a thing
Item	reminds me of grocery shopping; a general term for a specific something; used in retail and organization and surveys
Item	
Item	an object, has value 
Item	store, shopping, grocery, check item, basket 
Item	object; idea; word; single thing
Item	something concrete, something 3D, 
Item	object
Item	is a thing, is a product, 
Jail	Bad, Criminals, orange jumpsuits, minor offenses, incarceration, short term holding facility while prisoners wait for trial
Jail	correctional place
Jail	Holds captive, where convicts are, unpleasant
Jail	keeps criminals, bars, tough, hard, cold, uniforms, police
Jail	where criminals go, is bad, is scary, are expensive
Jail	a place where criminals go, a place on monopoly
Jail	bars, cold, concrete and metal, full of criminals, run by a warden, has security guards
Jail	criminals, cold , confounded to a space, bars of restriction, consiquence of actions.
Jail	where you go when you have committed a crime is full of bars and cement, is a cold place, is an unhappy place, is loud, is dangerous, probably has horrible food.
Jail	a place, houses criminals, a cell, cell mate, one gender, guards, warden, walls, escape, shank, guns, fights, clicks, sentences
Jail	criminals, pay for what you did, punishment
Jail	has bars, holds criminals, made of cement, has cops
Jail	a place, dark, small, cold, gray, bars.
Jail	a place for criminals, not a good place, lonely or boring place
Jail	Somewhere I never want to go. Keys hanging from a dog's neck, capture, POWs
Jail	keeps prisoners, bars and cold beds, guns, tranquelizers, colorless, black and white, orange out fits, no talking
Jail	holds prisoners, is small, is constricting, helps our country, has dull colors, is scary, a lot of time is spent there
Jail	prison, metal, cold, repressive, lonely, dangerous 
Jail	where bad people go, many cells there
Jail	
Jail	a building designed to punish criminals, a consequential place where men and women who have committed a crime are re located to for various periods of time (depending on the extent of the crime). They are provided with the essentials for living and not much else. 
Jail	cold, punishment, terrible food, metal bars, public showers
Jail	place where offenders go or where people work, confines people, punishes people
Jail	bad place, behavior, consequences, orange jump suits, dirty, place no one wants to be
Jail	place for criminals, protection for citizens, scary, place where most people want to avoid, in pretty much every town
Jail	bad people go here
Jail	a place that keeps criminals out of our society for a set period of time, consists of men and women stuck behind metal bars, both federally and state funded, police men and women work here, can be dangerouse, not a desired place to be
Jail	a temporary holding facility for people convicted of a crime, a very undesireable place to be, seen as a punishment
Jail	bars, orange jump suites, criminals
Jail	 bars, drinking, cement, rape, bar of soap, prison, bad people, police
Jail	also called the clink, the big house, going "downtown", and others, where you go when you get arrested, often not a nice place, filled with criminals, no soft bed, no privacy
Jail	police, inmates, cells
Jail	caged, zoo, misused, unfair. factory, forget
Jail	a concrete building with steal bars around it. Can not leave unless opened by another. A place where criminals are housed and kept away from society. 
Jail	prison, criminals, gaurds, dangerous, scary, metal, uncomfortable, bars, yelling, 
Jail	Jail is the place where convicts are punished. Inmates often wear stripes, are put behind bars, and sometimes wear orange.
Jail	is a place, criminals, cops, metal bars, cells, bail, bondsman, concrete, holding
Jail	incarcerates, rehabilitates, has guards, has prisoners, has bars, is a sad place, is a result of crime, is expensive, has bad food, can be unjust
Jail	imprisonment, bars, lack of freedom, consequence, confinement, punishment
Jail	criminals live here, dark and dirty, concrete walls and floors, no freedom
Jail	a place for the guilty, has guards, is quarantined, has metal bars, surrouonded by fences and towers, 
Jail	is a place, used to house people that break the law, inside contains many small cells with metal bars
Jail	Jail
Jail	prison, where convicts are placed, horrible place, no sun light, no life.
Jail	holding place for prisoners, place where criminals reside, contains cells of metal bars, orange jump suits reside there, often located in remote locations as well as in every state
Jail	prison, cell, bars, no freedom
Jail	Steel door. cellmates. Short term. School food. wear slippers. play cards. Basic cable. not too bad. steel bunks suck. people w tattoos
Jail	a place of punishment for breaking a law
Jail	not fun, has bars, has criminals, has good people as well, is not fair sometimes, 
Jail	prison, bars ,used to hold people, small,
Jail	punishment, justice, sentencing, gangs, outcasts
Jail	a place to lock up criminals, is dirty and smelly, has metal bars separating cells, are crowded, secure, has guards and other officers, can be a dangerous place, has visiting hours
Jail	place for criminals, bad food, no privacy, orange clothing, rape, attack, gangs, violence, long sentences, scary
Jail	made of cold cement and metal, where criminals are contained, can be multiple levels of security, keeps communities safe, found in every country
Jail	incarcerate, punishment, teach a lesson, keep dangerous people out of society, jailbreak, bars, prison food, solitary confinement, visitors, cell mates, guards
Jail	place for criminals, punishment, assault, murder, robbery, dangerous, high security
Jail	where people go after commiting crimes, may spend a long time there
Jail	is a place where one goes as punishment, has done something bad such as killing or drug related, not a nice place, has to spend a period of time here
Jail	punishment, justice, gangs
Jail	Prison, bad people, scary, cells.
Jail	locks, bad, criminal, justice, unjustice, punishment, scary, cold, black, jumpsuits, women's, men's, detention, parole, officer, police, security guards
Jail	incarceration, place bad people go, convicted felons are kept there to keep the world safe
Jail	a place where criminals are sent, punishment
Jail	bad, dirty, scary, punishment, contains criminals, mugshot, 
Jail	a place where criminals go, is scary, is mean, is tough, is strict
Jail	where people are held whilst on trial, waiting to be transfered to prison, or they could not afford to or where not offered to post bail.
Jail	criminals, shower rape, bars, gaurds, chains
Jail	a confining space, a place to serve punishment, a human institution, a place for bad people, 
Jail	prision, place for people who have broken the law or are a danger to others, a place where people don't want to go
Jail	Has bars. a place where you go if you do something illegal. it is a scary place to be placed. 
Jail	bad, criminals, crime, security, bars, striped pajamas, fear, trapped
Jail	place for bad people, has cells, houses inmates, usually state run, 
Jail	is caging
Jail	where convicts go; striped or orange uniforms; work crews; aggression; cable TV and weight rooms; gangs; bars on the cells; legal system; breaking the law; different levels of security for different ages and offenders
Jail	
Jail	Bars, criminals, stripped shirts, bad news 
Jail	bad, fucked up, long time, serious, sad, angry, money bars, cold cement, metal
Jail	takes people's freedom; provides public safety; unpleasant; cold; dangerous
Jail	a prison, a place of confinement, a place when you are not sapposed to escape, 
Jail	prison, bars, cell, jail keeper, guards, criminals
Jail	prison, is dark, is cold, is lonely, is maddening, is feeling trapped, is a place for criminals, is a place for deviants, 
Jane	A typical female name, opposite of John, Tarzan's mate, Jane Doe
Jane	name, 
Jane	A typically female name
Jane	girl, name, proper noun, descriptive
Jane	is a girls name, 
Jane	a girl who knows dick
Jane	is a girls name
Jane	womans name, cave woman, designer clothes brand
Jane	jane; is the name given to unidentified dead women (Jane Doe), is another name for marijuana (mary jane).
Jane	a name, noun, a girl
Jane	female name, Fun With Dick and Jane
Jane	is a name, female, common name
Jane	a lady
Jane	a name for a woman
Jane	Doe, unknown identity. Used in forensic science for when the identity of a body is not known by the investigators.
Jane	a name of a person, a girl, 
Jane	it is a name, it is a girl, it is short, plain, goes with tarzan
Jane	female name
Jane	is a name, women are named this
Jane	
Jane	A female name that used to be very popular
Jane	female name, overused, generic first name for unidentified person, 
Jane	girls name but sometimes a boys name, common in America
Jane	simple, a name, older person, plain
Jane	name, female, used for an unknown person, Jane Doe
Jane	a girls name
Jane	a name, a woman or girl, an American name, common name
Jane	a common name for females here in America
Jane	is a name, is a girl
Jane	 gi, john doe, ranger
Jane	name of a girl, used as name of American "everygirl", "plain jane", comes from England, used more in the past than today for naming daughters
Jane	is a girls name
Jane	female. soft, caring, smart, industrious, GI, arms, legs, smaller, 
Jane	a book i read in first grade. Her friend was Dick and they had a dog. A common name for a girl. 
Jane	plain jane, person, jane doe, unknown, generic,  filler name,
Jane	Jane is a woman's name. Associated with Doe and Eyre.
Jane	a girls name, Eyre, Fonda
Jane	is a name, is feminine, is common
Jane	female name, slang street name for cannibis
Jane	female name, can be used to describe a deceased person in which you don't know their actual name yet, such as Jane Doe. Tarzan's partner.
Jane	is a name, not a very popular today, was a famous author for women, 
Jane	is a name for a female
Jane	Jane
Jane	A girl's name, a friend, name of actress
Jane	a womans name, a common name, a name in stories or novels
Jane	tarzan
Jane	ladies name. not popular anymore. populare in the 70's. dick and jane.short for janet? 
Jane	female name
Jane	a great lady 
Jane	jane doe used for unknown people,a name, a person
Jane	stereotypical girl, plain, gender roles
Jane	is a name for a female, is ordinary, is not a very popular name now, is a Disney character in Tarzan, 
Jane	name, woman, in the title of movies, songs, albums, books, etc.
Jane	is plain, is a person's name
Jane	Dick and Jane books, Jane Austen, Jane Bennett, plain jane
Jane	my aunt, mary jane, drug
Jane	a name, womans name
Jane	is a female's name
Jane	stereotypical girl, gender roles
Jane	Girl, Jane Doe, plain, Tarzan.
Jane	Tarzan, name, girl, woman, lady
Jane	last name goodall, studier of primates, 
Jane	a females name, 
Jane	
Jane	is a woman, is someone I do not know
Jane	womans name, also what a woman is called when her true name is unkown "Jane Doe"
Jane	doe, fonda, dick and jane
Jane	a girl's name, a common female name, Tarzan's love interest, 
Jane	a name of a girl
Jane	G.I Jane, what people used to call pot in the 60's, Tarzans girlfriend.
Jane	doe, death, Tarzan
Jane	Tarzans lover, Dicks partner in crime, common female name, following Mary in reference to Marijuana, 
Jane	is a name
Jane	Tarzan's girl; a classic English name; Jane Austen
Jane	
Jane	person, older name, female 
Jane	woman, marijuana reference
Jane	a woman's name; anonymous or unknown woman
Jane	a name for a woman, often the name jane is used as a name for a woman when the name is unknown, 
Jane	dick and jane, GI jane
Jane	is a person, is a woman, is generic, 
Know	to understand or be familiar with certain information, to understand something
Know	answer
Know	Understand, have knowledge of
Know	to understand, facts, information
Know	to be confident in knowledge, to be certain, to believe what someone tells you
Know	to understand, to retain after learning
Know	is the act of predetermining something
Know	knowledge, impressed by, researched, did work on and have answers
Know	know; is when someone has understanding of whatever is being talked about or is happening. an example, when a friend gives another friend consolidation, she will say, "I know how you feel, and it will be okay." Its a level of relativity between two people.
Know	to understand, to have knowledge of something
Know	knowledge, wise, 
Know	involves understanding, education
Know	To be sure of, have information. 
Know	to have the knowledge of something, to understand
Know	To understand and to be fully informed on a topic. Good for knowledge because you "know" the answer per say.
Know	knowledge of something, located in the brain, a feeling,
Know	to have information, to learn, used in school, found in history
Know	knowledge, learned
Know	to have knowlage, to know information
Know	
Know	to be aware of, to have knowledge, 
Know	to be sure, useless K, commonly misspelled, infers knowledge
Know	you can know people or information
Know	knowledge, smart, sure of yourself, intelligence
Know	knowledge, comes from learning
Know	to have knowledge of a certain situation
Know	to have the knowledge, to be aware, to have evidence of an answer, confidence, pertaining to intelligence
Know	to have knowledge or the answer to something
Know	
Know	 knowledge, smart, a, knowing
Know	to be certain, you can know facts, can "know" things in your gut that aren't quantifiable
Know	to understand, the truth
Know	acquire
Know	to understand, to comprehend, to learn and utilize
Know	sure, positive, smart, facts, brilliant, know for sure, 
Know	To know is to have absolute certainty that an idea/memory is true.  It is associated with learning, memory, and facts.
Know	to understand, to comprehend, learn
Know	is to be aware, is the action of a mind, involves information, makes you smart, can be incorrect, can arise from perception, can arise from reading
Know	ideas, concepts, wisdom, world knowledge, state of mind, philosophies, understanding of facts, spirituality, beliefs, truth
Know	when there is no doubt
Know	understanding, having knowledge, to not guess, facts
Know	to be certain, used to state when a person is certain of something
Know	Know
Know	hear about, 
Know	knowledge, education, information held within the brain of an individual. available for the mind's retrieval at any time to be used by the individual
Know	knowledge, confidence, facts,
Know	certain. supported by facts. absolute. indisputable. beyond a gut feeling. 
Know	to have an understanding of a concept, personal acquaintance with another person, knowledge of a person place or thing
Know	to have lots of knowlege in your brain
Know	aware of information, acknowledge
Know	intelligence, facts, information
Know	have information, be familiar with someone or something, 
Know	to have a basic understanding of, to recognize, grows over time
Know	to have knowledge in general, to have specific knowledge about something, to have the answer to something, to have expirience with something
Know	realize something, learn it, experience, be told information 
Know	genius, smart, educated
Know	to be educated on
Know	to be aware of the topic, or material, the more you know the smarter you are, can have knowledge of anything, to know is not limited
Know	intelligence, knowledge, facts
Know	knowledge, smart, learn.
Know	knowledge, smart, educated, understand, apprectiate
Know	to be aware of a fact, knowing is having knowledge
Know	to hae wisdom in a certain matter, knowledge
Know	
Know	is to have a knowledge of something
Know	to have knowledge of something. system of a down song self titled album track 2
Know	educate, smart, certain, 
Know	to understand information, 
Know	for sure, no doubt, knowledge stored in head, to be certain of 
Know	something that is already thought of. Knowledge. something learned in the past.
Know	knowledge, wise, mind
Know	knowledge, measure of intelligence, persons mental capacity 
Know	is knowledge
Know	to possess knowledge; can know something in your head or in your gut - the former implies formal education as to the matter, and the latter is more typically an instinct; both are valid; knowledge is power
Know	
Know	respect, knowledge, learning, smarts, understand
Know	knowing, everything, fact, people, 
Know	posess information in the mind
Know	to know something, know someone, to have knowledge about someone or something
Know	knowledge, intelligence
Know	is to be aware, is not ignorance, requires learning, requires teaching, 
Lid	Keep it quiet, covering a pot, metal or plastic, covering a tupperware
Lid	cover. cap, keep quiet
Lid	Used to cover something, could be something as small as a bottle or as big as a truck
Lid	covers, contains, organizes, stacks, stores, closes, opens
Lid	seals, holds things in, are on jars, twist or snap on
Lid	a cover to a container, seals containers from stuff
Lid	closes things, is used on jars, boxes
Lid	encloses things, keeps food fresh longer, belongs to something else.
Lid	Lid; is the concealing or closing part of an object. examples are, a soda bottle, the bottle cap is the lid, and a tupperware dish, the snap on top to the set is the lid. can be circular or square, found mainly on food products. 
Lid	a device to cover, keeps things fresh, avoids contamination, shaped to fit what is covers, can be screwed on  
Lid	tops a jar, keeps things fresh
Lid	covers something
Lid	 Knob, metal
Lid	covers things, keeps something sealed, protects something
Lid	A way of measuring an amount of weed. 1/8 of an ounce. Also the top to something, top to a container or jar.
Lid	covers something, plastic, metal, many different shapes, used in the kitchen a lot, 
Lid	used to cover things, found on jars, found on containers, helps keep stuff in, used with food, twists off, pops off, is made of plastic or metal, always connected to something
Lid	top, covering
Lid	covers, is on top, protective
Lid	
Lid	Any device that covers an object. Made of plastic, metal, paper, etc. Usually used to prevent spills and protect a substance.
Lid	cover, used to protect or preserve food, 
Lid	used to cover an object, protects things inside from things on the outside, keeps things contained
Lid	cover, drink, spill
Lid	protection, prevents spilling, most children need it for drinks, prevents food from going to waste, covers containers
Lid	a lid on a bottle makes sure it doesnt spill
Lid	closes over or covers an objects, keeps things from getting in or out
Lid	a cover for something, can keep things in or out, examples are a pot cover which keeps heat in, and a lid for a water bottle which keeps the water in and contaminants out
Lid	tupperwear, tops to drinks
Lid	 cap, top, tupperware, glad, fresh, food, plastic, spill proof
Lid	on pots, "put a lid on it" to shut up, cover up, can be clear or opaque
Lid	goes on top of a container to preserve
Lid	closes something, airspace, some sort of hat or cap, be quiet
Lid	top, stop from running out or a top to stop from spilling. made from plastic, rubber, wood, or steal.Closes somethng, fits tight and snug over the top of....
Lid	top, cap, hat, on top of, closes, keeps from spilling
Lid	A lid goes on the top of a cup, in order to contain the liquid inside.
Lid	is a cover, keeps things from falling out, made of plastic, made of metal, tupperware
Lid	covers, goes on top, part of a container, usually round or square
Lid	covering, seals, traps air, enclosure, located on top of a container, screws on/off or pops on/of, prevents leaks or spills
Lid	covers a bowl or container. can snap on or operate on hinges
Lid	to cover, go on pots and pans, to keep items sealed, to protect, another name for a hat
Lid	is the top of a container or object, can be removed when object is in use and replaced after use, used to keep objects from deteriorating
Lid	Lid
Lid	a cover, protection, for a coffee or soda, keep air/particles from entering
Lid	used to cover a container, protects the contents of the container from falling out, can be made of plastic, can have a groove to which it attaches to the container
Lid	cover, seal, enclose
Lid	cap. top to a jar. slang for hat. screw off. sealed on canned goods.
Lid	the covering for a container
Lid	covers something, protects from weather, my head, 
Lid	goes on a container,made of plastic, or glass,all shapes and sizes
Lid	usually paired with a container, keeps from spilling
Lid	covers something, keeps things fresh, can snap or twist off, comes in a variety of sizes, 
Lid	top, closes things, keeps things contained, keeps food from spoiling, many different sizes and shapes
Lid	this can cover something, this can keep something from boiling over, or getting too hot, this can keep something from getting out of something, or from something happening
Lid	top of a jar, top of a gift box, a stopper, put a lid on it, close it up
Lid	hat, covers pot, maintains heat
Lid	the top of a container, may keep food fresh or liquid from spilling , sometimes screw on
Lid	is the cover to an object, such as to a coffee or container, can protect things from falling out or spilling
Lid	container, tupperware
Lid	close, container, top.
Lid	cap, closing, sealant, top of, vacuum seal, coffee, cup, canister, soup
Lid	also known as a cap, put on a container to keep contents inside, used on cups or tupperware or coffee cups
Lid	Protect contents of a container, seals container from environment and lets nothing penetrate to object inside
Lid	cover, close, contain, seal
Lid	is a piece of kitchenware, is used to cover something, can be made of plastic, can be made of metal, is helpful in reducing spills, helps preserve foods longer
Lid	the top of some enclosure. an older saying for a $10 amount of marijuana, a hat
Lid	Is a top, Is a circle, is a rectangle or square, a flap, a cover, has treads, 
Lid	the top of a container that completes the sealing process, different shapes and sizes, creates effective storage, protects from outside processes,
Lid	something used to cover something, a cap, prevents things from spilling
Lid	a cover to a pot or bowl. a measurement for illegal drugs. what bicyclist call their helmet. something that goes over a container. a stopper.
Lid	cover, plastic, metal, wood, container
Lid	placed on top of a container, used to close a container, can be skrewed on, can be clipped on, can be clicked on, 
Lid	is sealant
Lid	Tupperware; flipped his lid = crazy; red or clear most of the time; Tupperware lids are plastic and flexible and need to be cracked if you're microwaving something; lids keep things from spilling or spoiling or drying out or getting wet or just separate the contents of the container from everything else
Lid	
Lid	keeps contents in, and feelings
Lid	top, jar, jam ,strawberry, yummy peanut butter plum butter food, liquidly
Lid	a covering of some kind; metal or glass or plastic or flesh; 
Lid	covering for something, closes something shut, used to seal something shut
Lid	cover, container
Lid	is a cover, goes on jars, 
Lightning	goes with thunder, bright, loud, associated with storms, is outside, electric
Lightning	thunder, storm, 
Lightning	In nature, can cause destruction, electricity coming down from sky, comes in bolts
Lightning	flash of light, electrical transfer, dangerous, never strikes the same place twice
Lightning	bright, makes thunder, causes fires, shocks people, strikes tall things
Lightning	voltage differences, air deionization, rain, clouds, causes fires, nights spent on the porch watching
Lightning	fast, bright, comes from a thunderstorm, can start fires, has killed people
Lightning	Scary, destructive, harmful, electric, blue, white, sharp
Lightning	it comes out of the sky. when lightning hits sand, it produces glass. lighting never strikes in the same place twice, and you can use lightning and thunder to count out how far away the lightning is striking. Ben Franklin used a kite and lightning to create electricity. lightning is attracted to tall objects and metal objects.
Lightning	is electrical, it is produced in clouds, it comes from the ground, it can be conducted by metal
Lightning	strikes, attracted to water and metal
Lightning	is bright, comes from the sky, is a bolt, comes with storms, dark clouds
Lightning	 Yellow, powerful, during rain.
Lightning	energy, natural bolts of energy, heat, danger, can be frightening
Lightning	Comes before thunder, bright flash, electricity. Powerful, starts forest fires. 
Lightning	electricity, scary, white, fast, usually comes with thunder
Lightning	it is made of electricity, it is bright, it comes during a storm, it is incredible, it is loud, it is ued by the gods, it is hard to take a picture of, it is dangerous, it is rare to get hit
Lightning	bright, loud, electric, dangerous, scary, bolt
Lightning	is in the sky, goes with thunder, causes fire
Lightning	
Lightning	form of electricity, followed by thunder and often involved rain, turns sand into glass, very powerful and not much is know about where it comes from
Lightning	bright, can cause fire, accompanies rain storms, electrocutes, 
Lightning	can be deadly, can start fires, destroys things, dangerous, created by positive and negative charges, nature element
Lightning	scary, summer, thunder, rain
Lightning	is a flash of light, comes with a storm, electricity, followed by thunder, can cause damage, exciting to watch, never know what it is going to do
Lightning	in the sky, hits people
Lightning	bolt, flash of bright light, comes before thunder in a rainstorm, due to electricity, can start a fire
Lightning	an electrical discharge from the sky, comes from a thunder cloud, accompanied by a loud thunder clap, creates a bright light, can cause fire, damage, injury or death when it hits the ground of other objects
Lightning	is bright
Lightning	 thunder, light, rain, clouds, fire, sparks
Lightning	cool, but scary, can cause lots of damage and fire, can deflect with a lightning rod, comes to Montana in summers, beautiful 
Lightning	illumination
Lightning	electric, beautiful, powerful, unpredictable
Lightning	electrical current created by weather patterns in the sky. deadly and dangerous, can ignite a fire or burn something up. Strikes quickly and with much power. 
Lightning	clouds, thunder, rain, electricity, shocking, in the sky, storm thunderstrom, tornado, summer, spring,
Lightning	Lightning is electricity in the sky usually seen during a rainstorm.  It is deadly if it strikes a person, and is often excited by metal.
Lightning	thunder, electricity, benjamin franklin, rain, clouds, metal rod
Lightning	is energy, is electricity, comes from the sky, is weather, happens during a storm, strikes, flashes, precedes thunder, is usually accompanied by rain, is bright, is beautiful, is powerful
Lightning	bright flash in the sky, usually accompanied by thunder, created when there is an imbalance of positive and negative ions in the sky and the earth and they become attracted to one another, storm, can be accompanied by rain, can start fires, can cause death if struck 
Lightning	Strikes of light, usually paired with thunder, storms, electricity, bright
Lightning	followed by thunder, is a bright light, does not hit the ground, contains high voltage of electricity, seen in stroms, is fast
Lightning	is an element of weather, a flash of white light in the sky during a storm
Lightning	Lightning
Lightning	bright, sky, during storm, rain, water, flood
Lightning	comes in a storm along with thunder, flash of light, comes from the ground, caused by electricity, causes fires
Lightning	flash, light, thunder, stormy, weather
Lightning	electricity. static. zeus. storm clouds. splits trees. dont go golfing. extreme heat. welding.
Lightning	electricity that is visible in the atmosphere, associated with sound of thunder, quick
Lightning	contains electricity, related to the lottery,beautiful, romantic
Lightning	very powerful, electricity, thunder, storms
Lightning	storm, flashing light, beautiful, electricity, rain, thunder
Lightning	is bright, can be damaging, beautiful, amazing, starts forest fires, can be dangerous, static electricity, powerful, hot, follows thunder, 
Lightning	yellow, electric, flashes of light, usually presented in thunderstorms, travels faster than thunder
Lightning	comes with thunder, happens in storms in the spring, reaction in chemicals, can be deadly, is absorbed in rubber, can electrocute, can be blinding, helps put nitrogen into the environment
Lightning	bright flashes, hard to capture on film, sometimes unexpected, can kill people, can cause fires, usually accompanied by thunder
Lightning	electricity, can kill people, dangerous
Lightning	a flash of light in the sky, a bolt, followed by thunder
Lightning	is created by nature, is a natural flash in flight that comes from clouds, can create damage or fires
Lightning	storm, thunder, electricity, sky
Lightning	storm, bright, scary, rain, thunder follows, electricity, bolt, Harry Potter's scar.
Lightning	Fast, scary, zig-zag, destructive, stormy
Lightning	electrical discharge during a storm from a cloud, happens with thunder, is a bright emission of light
Lightning	an electrical phenomena that occurs in nature, high energy,  see in storms
Lightning	
Lightning	is light, is helpful, is necessary, is expensive, gives warmth
Lightning	static discharge from clouds and earth. electricity, fast, hot, deadly, unpredictable.
Lightning	fire, strom, thor, scary, electricty, light, 
Lightning	an immense electrical charge, created by rapid expansion of air, destructive, powerful, amazing, beautiful, energy, bright, jagged, huge, 
Lightning	bright, dangerous, potential to do harm or start a fire, beautiful creation by nature
Lightning	It is bright, makes a lot pf people nervous, can kill you, usually followed by thunder, strikes tree's and golfers.
Lightning	mood setting, electric 
Lightning	burst of electricity from the sky, electrical discharge from the sky to the ground, lights up the sky at night, 
Lightning	is cool, is shocking, is bright.
Lightning	favorite!  storms; thunder; electricity; destruction possible; heat lightening possible; Zeus; intimidating; war
Lightning	
Lightning	shocking, amazing, fire staring, destroying 
Lightning	light, flash thunder, rain, shock, wet, clouds, nervous, excited, scared, loud
Lightning	naturally occuring electricity in the atmosphere; dangerous
Lightning	electical bolt that comes from a cloud in the sky, gives off a bright light, is atracted to metal and water
Lightning	electricity, accompanies thunder, dangerous, storm
Lightning	is bright, is dangerous, is beautiful, is yellow, is electriciy, can start fires, comes with storms, leads to thunder
Man	Adam, opposite of woman, has a penis and other parts of the male reproductive system, a male, a guy
Man	opposite of a female
Man	Created before Woman, more aggressive, dominant, leader, has a penis, generally larger
Man	male, guy, penis, muscles, strong
Man	strong, smart, able, dangerous
Man	x and y chromosome, has a penis, underrepresented in education
Man	is born free, is self aware, is polluting the world, is intelligent
Man	protective, strong, tall, large, trucks, testosterone, pecks, sex
Man	is opposite a woman, has a penis, has chest hair and face hair, is portrayed to be strong and caring. 
Man	a human, talks, walks, thinks, moves, eats meat and plants, drinks water, breaths air, is immortal, emotional, has male genitalia, can not have children  
Man	helps create life, muscular
Man	has a penis, has muscles , has short hair, has a mustache and beard, are tall, have big feet, dominant
Man	a type of human
Man	a person, male, an adult male, someone you look up to
Man	Opposite of a woman, desire of all men to become or to be referred to as.
Man	the male species, has testosterome, 
Man	chops wood, is strong, it big, is the opposite of a woman, is a human, works, lives, eats
Man	male, older, larger, 
Man	opposite of woman, male, are tall
Man	
Man	a person who is of the male gender. Opposite of female.
Man	father, uncle, brother, seen as the dominant sex, 
Man	a male person
Man	woman, masculine, sports, work, mechanics
Man	male, human race, individual person. adult, gentleman, 
Man	a boy turns into a man
Man	human being, adult, strong, has testosterone
Man	a male adult, with male reproductive organs, can also refer to all humans, as in mankind
Man	beard
Man	 person, women, penis, balls, stand up
Man	man the individual, with a penis, and man the group, as in all mankind. man is a person, can be short or tall, or any race, women and men together make up "man" as in mankind.  a man does not give birth, is an animal, lives in groups
Man	an adult
Man	strong, protector, hunter, distant, authoritarian
Man	male,a human or animal  that  has a penis or something like one if animal,  and is of the opposite sex then a female. Hard, strong,  fast, often loving.
Man	men, adult, grown boy, dominant, "superior", full-of-themselves, male, tall, strong, boisterous, masuculine
Man	A man is one gender of human.  They generally have more body hair, have a penis and testes, and grow hair on their face.  Woman is the opposite.
Man	xy chromosome, reproductive organs, human
Man	is human, is male, is an adult, walks upright, talks, learns, loves, is curious, is imperfect, is violent, destroys his own environment
Man	opposite of female, has a penis and testicles, testostorone, male, typically masculine, needed in procreation of species
Man	gender, male, brother, father, son, uncle, grandpa
Man	opposite of a woman, is a gender, is a sex, has specific hormones, 
Man	is a male human being
Man	Man
Man	opposite of woman, strong, usually have short hair, has beard, they shave their faces
Man	a person, an individual, a male of the human species, strong, tall, deep voiced, tough
Man	boy, male, strong, burly, handsome, polite
Man	human. mankind. homo sapien. after dinosaurs. evolved from monkeys. 
Man	the male sex of humans, to pilot a vehicle or station/post, the general term for the human species
Man	strong, 
Man	humans, people,male,strong, head of the household
Man	stupid
Man	is a male, has a penis, is able to grow facial hair, is strong and muscular, has a deep voice, is often attracted to women
Man	external sex organs, more body hair than women, usually stronger and wider than women, broad shoulders, deep voice
Man	homo-sapien, a person, a human being, a male, paternal, patriarch
Man	biped, male, the species of man, adult 
Man	father, in charge, power, masculine
Man	a male human, may have a large amount of pride, testosterone
Man	is an individual with a penis and different component than a woman
Man	stupid
Man	male, husky, human, guy, sperm donor. 
Man	sex, gender, boy, mustache, beards
Man	owner of an extra appendage called penis, has testosterone, is human 
Man	a human, has XY chromosome, male charactristics
Man	
Man	is a male, has testicles, produces sperm, has testosterone, is generally larger than a woman
Man	male, carries the Y chromosome. the entire human species is refered to as man. 
Man	dude, humans, john watne
Man	a male, a son, can be a brother, can be a father, testosterone driven, hairy, tough, ugly
Man	tall, larger than a woman, facial hair, short hair, big hands, big feet, strong, makes a girl feel safe but can also frighten her with the wrong personality
Man	Is usually a strong human. Has a penis. Is a protector of his family. Has whiskers.
Man	woman, safety, fear, facial hair, muscle, comfort, dad, brother, grandfather, boyfriend, husband, friend
Man	male, contains XY chromosome, contains male genetalia, 
Man	is corrupt
Man	big; strong; tall; smells like sweat but preferably clean; can come in every variety from hick to honest lumberjack to metroman; more likely statistically to isolate himself than a woman is; supposed to be independent, successful, good looking, etc.
Man	
Man	leader of a house, brings home the pay, tall and masculane
Man	human, male, strong, sweaty, older,pollution, criminal, heros
Man	an adult male human; accepts responsiblity
Man	a human male, genetically differnt than a woman, 
Man	male, human, masculine
Man	is tough, has a penis, is hairy, 
Minor	Someone who is under 21, a small or insignificant thing, under the legal age
Minor	something that does not mean alot
Minor	Someone underage can be talking about 18 or 21 depends if it is about drinking
Minor	young person, less than 18 years of age, underdeveloped
Minor	not major, smaller, less important
Minor	little, minute, young adult, sub-degree
Minor	is less then major
Minor	relates to notes in a song, can refer to someone under age, can be refering to something smaller over major, details of something
Minor	means small. you can have a minor in a degree which means you did the least amount of school. you can have a minor injury which means a cut or bruise. 
Minor	opposite of major, not a big deal, a smaller version of something
Minor	child, not yet an adult
Minor	is a young thing, is small, is little, cannot drink alcohol
Minor	Too young
Minor	underage, lower in class or rank, smaller
Minor	Underage, or not as serious as something major. Not as much  of a penalty for being caught.
Minor	younger than 21 or 18. underage, cannot drink alcohol, is still under guardianship, not on their own.
Minor	it is small, it is below a major, it is a person under age, it is important in law
Minor	elementary, small, not noteworthy
Minor	less than major, not important
Minor	
Minor	opposite of major, smaller or more insignificant, sometimes means underaged or not an adult yet, not as important
Minor	underage, secondary to something else, unimportant, overlooked
Minor	a young person, or a type of offense
Minor	little, under 18, taken care of by parent, needs care, drinking
Minor	person underage, can deal with college, used in music, not serious
Minor	is something small, a small crime, small cut, used in cases like minor cuts or a minor crime
Minor	someone under the care of anothe individual, under the age of 18, laws regulate their behavior, limited freedom
Minor	something less than major, insignificant, can also refer to someone under the age of 18
Minor	below the age of 18 or 20
Minor	 underage, small, little, tiny, just a second
Minor	someone under 18, a young person, or something unimportant, a minor issue
Minor	below the age of 21
Minor	child, insignificant, not worth the notice
Minor	Someone younger then yourself.  the less experienced team, or person. Someone not of age.
Minor	underage, no consent, naive, high school, trouble, in possession, MIP, cant vote, no rights
Minor	A minor is an individual who is below the age of 18.  This person should not be fornicated with, nor dealt cigarettes, alcohol, or drugs, especially within a school zone by an individual who is not a minor.
Minor	under 18, a child, minor in college, music
Minor	is the opposite of major, is of little importance, is a person who is under age 18, is someone who cannot buy cigarettes or alcohol or register to vote, is not an adult, is usually under the control of their parents, can be male or female
Minor	under age, trivial, miniscule
Minor	under the age of 18, small
Minor	generally under the age of 18, not yet an adult, a small detail
Minor	is a person under the age of 18, used to describe children or someone not legally responsible for themselves, cannot vote, drink or smoke
Minor	Minor
Minor	small, little, less, underage
Minor	individual under the age of 18, child, baby, teenager. under the responcibility of a parental gardian, not a legal adult
Minor	underage, school, little, sub-major
Minor	smaller. less significant. underage. black keys. 
Minor	the opposite of major, of less importance, a musical structure that is describe as sad or dark
Minor	drinking alcohol and getting in trouble for it, someone under 21
Minor	under age, small, little
Minor	underage, young, teenager, no rights, under everybody else's rule
Minor	small, not very large, not a big deal,
Minor	small, young, not old enough to have rights, parents responsible for, unimportant, easy to forget
Minor	is under the age of 18, certain laws do not apply to it, often still in highschool, illegal for them to drink, teenager, illegal for them to smoke, most often die in car accidents
Minor	below legal age of drinking, dependent on parents or guardians, needs care, needs looking after
Minor	league, major, college
Minor	not a big deal, not major, small, insignificant
Minor	can be referred to as underage, or small such as a minor problem, not as large as major
Minor	young, underage, small detail
Minor	college, small, little, half way.
Minor	underage, musical, notes
Minor	something of lesser importance, inferior in size, lesser of size, a key for music
Minor	a small detail, something not excessively important
Minor	degree, little, not important
Minor	is someone who is under the age of eighteen, is unable to vote, is unable to buy alcohol or cigarettes, is supposed to be in school
Minor	someone below the age of 18 in america. other ages depending on what country you are in. something small such as a minor infraction or minority.
Minor	child, league, injury, little, 
Minor	an underage youth, someone too young to indulge in certain activities, under a higher authority, an age distinction
Minor	a musical term, someone under the age of 18, a small detail
Minor	Underage drinkers. someone who has asked me to buy alcohol for them. A high school student buying cigarettes. Someone under the legal age for a certain activity.
Minor	underprivileged, immigrant 
Minor	type of degree, level below a major in education, 
Minor	is jarring
Minor	in music minor keys are more melancholy or discordantin law a minor is someone under eighteen and they can't be tried like an adult except in special circumstances; criminal records from when you're a minor go away when you become an adult I think
Minor	
Minor	musical relative, less than a major in college, shuvel, gold minerals
Minor	child, drinking, music, chords, small, defect
Minor	underaged individual; musical key; small; unimportant
Minor	an underaged person, someone who is under the age of 18 years old, 
Minor	small, insignificant, not major
Minor	is someone who is under the age of 18 or 21, is someone who can't buy cigarettes, alcohol, or gamble, is immature
Noodles	In soup, in pasta, made of wheat, rice, potatoes or corn, is a grain, spaghetti
Noodles	top ram an, oriental food, spaghetti 
Noodles	Food that is made of flour, could be a variety of different shapes, pool toys
Noodles	made of flour and water, delicious, has many types, pasta, Italian
Noodles	are soft, made of dough, taste good, usually salty, used in italian cooking alot. are easy to cook
Noodles	tasty, carbohydrates, long and stringy
Noodles	is food, is carbs, is starch, is flour
Noodles	pasta, yummy, warm, spicy, wet, olive garden
Noodles	are soggy, used in cooking. spaghetti, top ramen, Alfredo, kung-pow . 
Noodles	a food, pasta, Italian, man made
Noodles	crunchy or soft, overcooked, spaghetti, alfredo
Noodles	come in soup, are yellow/white, can be long or short, different shapes, you eat them
Noodles	Slimy, slippery, soft.
Noodles	food, many types of them
Noodles	Come in a cup (Ramen). Asian culture, add hot water. Chicken is the best form of it.
Noodles	edible, white, not hollow, spegetti, cook them in hot water, made from flour. 
Noodles	they are food, they are slimy, they are in spagetti, they are covered with sauce, they are eaten at dinner, they are different shapes
Noodles	food, made of wheat, golden or white
Noodles	are a type of food, are usually boiled, are hard before they are cooked, are soft after cooked
Noodles	
Noodles	a type of food made from grains, pasta noodles, eaten all around the world in different forms, used as the base for many food dishes, like spaghetti and lasagna, also many asian foods.
Noodles	pasta, versatile, need to be cooked, bought in stores or can be made at home, carbohydrates
Noodles	food, used by many for cooking, americans, asians, italians, and others use to make meals, made from a grown substance and then manipulated
Noodles	yummy, long, carbs, spaghetti, italian
Noodles	made of different types of grains, used to make pasta or soup, long, appetizing, soft, fun for kids to eat, twirl them on your fork, slirp them up
Noodles	chinese people
Noodles	edible, long sticky strands, consist of carbohydrates, used in many meals
Noodles	starchy edible shapes that are usually eaten along with another dish, they start out dry, hard and brittle, but are usually boiled to make them soft and flexible and easier to eat.  they usually have very little flavor
Noodles	different sizes and shapes, somthing you eat, 
Noodles	 flour, soup, broth, spaghetti, cheese, chicken, meatballs
Noodles	many varieties: long, skinny, short, fat, yellow, multi-colored, multi-grain, regular wheat, gluten, gluten-freecan have with sauces or meats or veggies, rice noodles from Asia, pasta noodles from Italy
Noodles	something you eat
Noodles	pasta, italian, 
Noodles	Italian staple food. Often come in many shapes with different names. A cylinder is Penne, long string is spaghetti, long flat string is fettuccine. Delicious and often enjoyed very much by children. Can be sucked up in the mouth like a worm. Can be eaten with several different sauces as well. White or red
Noodles	yummy, spaghetti, sauce, cheese, parmeasan, pasta, bowl, supper, dinner, easy, quick
Noodles	Noodles are made of wheat, and are a delicious food. They are smothered in sauce and originate from Italy, although Asian cuisines often feature a different kind of noodle.  
Noodles	ramon, egg, spaghetti, italian, cup, pasta, chinese, thai, flotation device for pool, yellow, hard, soft after cooking, foam for pool
Noodles	are delicious, need sauce, are Italian, are Asian, are food, are starchy, are usually made from semolina, are lunch or dinner, 
Noodles	pasta, spaghetti, shell, carbohydrates, can be eaten, can be used ot make necklaces and pictures, can be dyed or beige in color, usually served with sauce, boiled to go from crunchy to soft
Noodles	spaghetti, lasagna, food, can be thin or wavy, store bought or home-made, not very strong
Noodles	primilary used in asian food, a type of pasta, can be different shapes and colors, is something you cook, have to boil before eating, is a carbohydrate
Noodles	are a food, contains starch, used in many Italian dishes, frequently paired with sauces and/or meats/veggies as a meal
Noodles	Noodles
Noodles	lo mien, flour, rice
Noodles	pasts, contain carbohydrates, can be in italian food, ramen, used as a filler, can be whole grain or white, cooked in water
Noodles	yummy, string, carbs, spaghetti
Noodles	ramen. pasta. just floppy bread. stick to the wall. boiled. carbohydrates. not a full meal.
Noodles	a food product made from any grain, long pasta
Noodles	long, floppy, roun, wide, flat, spiral, brown, white, tan, wheat, cheesy
Noodles	long, you can eat them, hard, soft, cook them, food
Noodles	pasta, italy, inexpensive, spaghetti, plain, college kid diet
Noodles	are carbohydrates, found in many foods, made of rice or wheat, eaten in spagettii, are rubbery, boiled in water, 
Noodles	pasta, comes in many different shapes and sizes, different colors, can be eaten with many different sauces, meats, and vegetables, very easy to cook, versatile food
Noodles	sometimes in japanese and chinese recipes, also in itallian recipes, can be in many different recipes, are eating hot and cold, must be cooked, made out of carbohydrates, rice, or gluten
Noodles	spaghetti, thin, rice, gluten-free, Asian dishes, substitute for rice, comfort food, pasta, plain, sauces, homemade
Noodles	skinny, easy to chew, delicious, dinner entree, floating device in water
Noodles	pasta, food, people eat it fr nourishment
Noodles	are pasta, are ate, can be of different nationalities such as italian pasta or asian pasta, are a common meal and can be of different shapes
Noodles	pasta, asians
Noodles	spaghetti, floaty toy, wheat, brain, noggin. 
Noodles	lots of shapes, grainy, slippery, delicious, food, healthy, startch, organic, cylindrical
Noodles	ingredient for spaghetti, carbohydrates, cooked in water until soft
Noodles	a grain. fairly inexpensive, used as a base in many meals, a source of carbohydrates
Noodles	
Noodles	is a cabohydrate, is cooked, can be in different shapes, is used in spaghetti, is an Italian food
Noodles	food. made from flour water egg and salt. comes in many shapes, sizes, textures, tastes. most common is long and skinny strands. they also come in 'Cup o' and Oodles of and Ramen' forms
Noodles	chinese, rama, chopsticks, boiled, wheat
Noodles	a type of food, are tasty, made of grains, stored when hard and dry, eaten when soft and wet, many varieties, long shelf life, boiled in water, 
Noodles	food, can be used in numerous cooking recipies, chinease and asian food, can be long and skinny or short and round, many different sizes and shapes
Noodles	Noodles and Company restaurant, made with flour eggs and water. asian food uses a lot of them.
Noodles	chinese food, italian food, thai food, spaghetti, pasta
Noodles	made from pasta, strings or strips of pasta, can be flat and planar or cylindrical, used for cooking, of Asian descent, makes spaghetti and other dishes, 
Noodles	is long, is good, variety.
Noodles	pasta; Italy; spaghetti; alfredo; bowtie; starch; carbs; don't really taste like much unless they've got something in them but they're sure good for putting stuff on; usually yellow (unless they've got stuff in them)also "use your noodle" expression referring to brain
Noodles	
Noodles	stringy, full of carbs, good tasting,in alot of foods
Noodles	soft, white, yummy, wheat, cheesy
Noodles	edible; found in many soups; made of flour, egg and water, sometimes other ingredients; tasty; nutritious; sometimes large and made of foam and used as a flotation device
Noodles	a moist type of wheat product, many differnt kinds: angel hair, macaroni, rigatoni, bowtie, 
Noodles	pasta, spaghetti
Noodles	are soft, are a food, are long and thin, are made from egg or flour, are used in Italian food, are used in Chinese food
Novel	a fictional book, a story, a published document, a new idea
Novel	book, great idea
Novel	Story, book, fiction
Novel	book, writing, read, organized alphabetically
Novel	is a long book, lots of words, are written by authors, take long time to read
Novel	book, writing, long to read
Novel	
Novel	book, alot of reading, small print, comfy, warm, relaxing
Novel	is a book, is usually a fiction book, people find novels and get lost in them. 
Novel	a book, long story, written in words, has an author, read, in chapters, has a title, tells a story, has a subject
Novel	book, paper, author
Novel	you read them, it has pages, it has a cover, it tells a story, it uses words
Novel	 Pages, words, letters.
Novel	a book, a grouping of thoughts or stories
Novel	A longer form of a short story. Published and read  by multiple people. Some plot structure and a moral hidden in it.
Novel	a book, something that is read, 
Novel	you read it, it is a story, it has and ending, and a beginning, it is made of paper, it has a cover, it was written, it has an author
Novel	book, new, interesting
Novel	book, is written 
Novel	
Novel	a long story, also known as a book, comes in many different genres, made from paper and ink
Novel	story, many pages, takes a reader to another time or place, fictional or true stories
Novel	a story in print, short or long, good or bad
Novel	book, english, work
Novel	book, literature, written by authors, fiction, nonfiction, appeal to a variety of different people, read in school
Novel	a book
Novel	a long book, usually fictional
Novel	a ficitonal book, hard or soft cover, read for entertainment or pleasure
Novel	is a book
Novel	 book, author, masterpiece, literature, ink, pages, story
Novel	a long book, also used when people go on and on you say "enough with the novel"
Novel	a book
Novel	words, paper, dead trees, poorly designed. pulp
Novel	A story written or told for entertainment that is not true. reading a book before bed, 
Novel	book, story, read, write, free-time, sit, story time, quiet,
Novel	A novel is a long story with a beginning, middle, and end. It is often bound in the form of a book, provided that it is published.
Novel	is a book, leather bound, long, paper, ink, classic, fiction, non-fiction
Novel	is a type of literature, is a book, is printed, uses paper, can be read, is fiction, 
Novel	book, pinnacle, creative, not yet done before, hard-back, soft-back, can be read, can be a concept, extreme
Novel	story, read, book
Novel	is a book, something you read, someone that has no experience
Novel	is a long book, usually a story, contains chapters and no pictures
Novel	Novel
Novel	long story in a book, love stories, twilight, adventure
Novel	a book, a story, moderately long, interesting, contains a plot, contains main and supporting characters, contains a scene, can take place anywhere and at anytime, does not have to make sense, made of paper and ink
Novel	book, author, words, story
Novel	new. unusual. fictional book. short or long. not fact. paperback.
Novel	a interesting idea or object, a book that is fiction
Novel	a book, a story, has many endings, can engulf the imagination
Novel	a long book, has pages and words, some pictures,
Novel	books, stories, chapters, characters, reading, authors
Novel	is a book, written by an author, has at least 100 pages, has a plot, has well-developed characters, is dynamic, something people read, made of paper, found in libraries and book stores, provide entertainment
Novel	fictional book, popular, ink typed on paper, many pages, hard or soft cover, many chapters
Novel	the story a person has created, often contained in book form, or electronic form nowadays, can be about one or multiple people
Novel	a long story, book, tale of people or places
Novel	book, reading, excitement, boring
Novel	a book, a story
Novel	is a book that provides a story, is not limited in material
Novel	book, chapter, reading, entertainment, stories
Novel	book, story, read, interesting, writer. 
Novel	book, write, best-seller, fiction, narrative
Novel	a category of book, tells a story, is read by humans for enjoyment,
Novel	A book filled with the ideas of the author, could be fiction or non fiction
Novel	
Novel	is a long story, is fictitious, is interesting
Novel	a good idea, a type of book.
Novel	book, new, author, stroy, fiction,
Novel	something original, fresh, an idea, a concept, a book, 
Novel	book, pages with words that create a story
Novel	Thick book, something written by an author, Stephen King, a very long story.
Novel	Book, hard back, soft back, words, phrases, sentences, knowledge, story, musky, old, new, spine, rectangular, library, 
Novel	long story, book, written by an author, fiction or fact, contains stories, 
Novel	is exciting
Novel	a fantasy book; chapters; library; author; reading for pleasure; plot; climax; pages smell like book, feel papery and usually not shiny; spine of book - to crack it or not?  can look dogeared or brand new; hardback or paperback
Novel	
Novel	book, pages, information
Novel	books, story, fiction, long, paper, old smell, light pages
Novel	a fictional book written for the purpose of entertainment
Novel	a book with words, a story, a type of written document,
Novel	book, pages, scholars
Novel	is a book, is fiction, is a story, is interesting, is long, 
Nun	Black and white habit, married to god, live in a nunnery, a woman in a religious organization, Rome, celibacy, Opposite of monks
Nun	a reliegion person. catholic person. sound of music
Nun	Religious figure, woman, not married, teach at some schools
Nun	woman of the church, habits, black and white, strict
Nun	lives in a convent, are catholic, wear black robes, are usually old
Nun	Christian, catholic, reserved, mean, devout
Nun	has taken vows, is celibate, is religious, is dedicated, is a woman
Nun	reminds you of church, good woman of god in black and white, helpful, inspired, quiet
Nun	is in a church. they are respectable women who have found jesus christ as their savior. 
Nun	a person, a woman, religious
Nun	female, similarly dressed
Nun	wears black and white, lives in the church, is religious, they are strict, they wear veilsthey preach the word of god
Nun	plain, strict, black and white
Nun	a catholic, devotion, a woman, devotion to God, one who prays alot
Nun	When there is nothing, clean, empty. Devout Catholic women with a vow of abstinence, very up-tight.
Nun	in a church, a female, wheres black and white, very religious
Nun	is religous, is trustworthy, is a woman, lives in a chruch, wears black and white, reads the bible, helps others
Nun	catholic woman, lives in a convent, boring, 
Nun	married to the church, women, wear black and white
Nun	
Nun	Female church member that is devoted to God in the Catholic religion. Wears black and white outfits covering their hair.
Nun	catholic, woman, celibacy, '"married to god", teacher, protector
Nun	perosn of the church, religious
Nun	good, catholic, saints, God
Nun	convent, robe, black and white, religion
Nun	mean and hits kids with rulers
Nun	religious figure, wears long black gown, does not get married, helps many people
Nun	a female who as devoted her life to the Christian faith, wears a black robe with a white front
Nun	like a monk, celibate
Nun	 catholic, perfect, religion, bible, no fun, slut
Nun	catholic, are women, don't have sex, are devoted to God, pray a lot, wear black, are modest
Nun	celibate
Nun	habit, slave, ruler, strict
Nun	a woman who sacrifices for the Catholic Church. Only married to God. wears black and white and is very simple. Does not wear make up and is very kind and loving.
Nun	holy, priest, church, quiet, God, Lord, praise, devout, devoted, follower, unswayed, 
Nun	Nun is a member of the Catholic Church, wears a habit, wears white and black, is chaste, prays, and often teaches in Catholic schools. Called "Sister," she is very religious, and has devoted her life to God.
Nun	never marries, woman, church, saint, black cloth, rosary, christian
Nun	is female, wears a habit, is Catholic, does not marry, lives in a convent or cloister, is devout, is in The Sound of Music, is human
Nun	none, null, zero, zip, devotee to God, dresses in black and white garments, female, followers of Christianity
Nun	Devoted to God, innocent, dresses in black, female, virgin
Nun	religious, wears black and white, abstinence, dedicates life to  god, works for the church, 
Nun	is a woman, dedicates entire life to religion 
Nun	Nun
Nun	live in churches, holy, live for God, kind-hearted
Nun	woman who devotes herself to the lord, lives in a nunnery, white and black clothing, reads the bible, abstains from sexual relations ot intercourse
Nun	mother theresa, respect, black, white, church, catholic, god
Nun	churchy. the penguin. hooded. carry bibles and rosaries. school teacher. black and white. ruler. 
Nun	female member of a religious group, specifically Christianity
Nun	 is wholesome, honest, kind, loving, thoughtful, can have a strong backbone like in three mules for sister sarah
Nun	religious,convent, black and white clothes
Nun	religion, catholic school, abstinence, disciplined, goodwill
Nun	doesnt have sex, is a woman, lives with other nuns, wears black and white, is religious
Nun	women, wear black, live in an abbey, religious, not married, quiet
Nun	catholic religon, shave head, where a large dress and head dress, keep a journal of conffessions, marry the lord, become celibate, believe in jesus, believe in the holy ghost
Nun	sister, lay nun, Catholic church, dedication, prayers, teaching, missionary work, choir, service, surrender, sacrifice
Nun	religious, women, strict
Nun	church woman, love god
Nun	is a church devoted female, wheres a black gown and does not associate with men in a sexual way, serious devotion to God
Nun	dedication, religion, catholic school
Nun	pure, women, religion, mother superior, sister.
Nun	Christian, black and white uniforms, cross, holy, persuading, good, 
Nun	someone who takes an oath to commit to religion, religious woman
Nun	 a religious women, catholic, has give life to higher power
Nun	
Nun	is a religious woman, is safe, is comforting, is nice
Nun	a woman of catholic faith who took vows to dedicate her life to working for her god and religion, sometimes they can fly.
Nun	a sister, habit, pope, catholic, old ladys
Nun	a woman, a religious woman, is kind, is cruel, is caring, is virtuous, goes to church, loves God, 
Nun	someone who lives in a catholic church and doesn't have sex
Nun	a black and white habit. Rosaries. Cross. Someone who believes in god. Thought to be mean to others not in the convent. a female priest. a virgin
Nun	church, individual
Nun	wears black robe, lives in a nunery, female priest, woman devoted to God, 
Nun	is chaste
Nun	black and white habit; counterpart of monks; "married to God"; serve in a convent; do gooding; service; Sister Act; Catholicism; abstinence
Nun	
Nun	church, not at all, never, pure, black and white
Nun	weird, waste, black, shy, quite, religion, 
Nun	woman who renounces ordinary life and commits to a religion; buddhist or catholic or orthodox; vows of celibacy and poverty
Nun	a woman who comits there life to their religon, 
Nun	female, religious, live in convent
Nun	is a pious person, lives in a monastery, is subordinate to priests, prays a lot, does good work, is celibate, 
Oxygen	air, needed for life, breathing, CPR, gets you high, chemical element
Oxygen	source of human life. also called air. color and orderless. in the element table. earth is the only plant with this type of gas
Oxygen	Element, needed to breath, produced by plants as a by product of photosynthesis, used by those that are sick
Oxygen	diatomic molecule, required to breath, produced by plants in respiration
Oxygen	in the air, brings life, is important, cant be seen, is an element
Oxygen	we breath it, it tends to be diatomic, it is the electron acceptor in electron transport chain
Oxygen	we breathe it, its in the atmosphere, we need it to survive
Oxygen	breathing, life, suffication, harmful, helpful, all living shared thing, not under water, atmosphere
Oxygen	is what we breathe. is created by plants. we cant live without it. if we don't have enough oxygen, we will die of carbon dioxide poisoning. 
Oxygen	air
Oxygen	channel for women, need to breathe to survive, basis to all life
Oxygen	is something you breathe, is air, is needed for survival
Oxygen	Molecule, in air and water.
Oxygen	needed to live, humans use this to breathe, supplies body
Oxygen	Necessary for survival, needed for living, highly flammable. Highly concentrated mixtures feel better on the mind
Oxygen	breath in this, in the air, organisms use this, 
Oxygen	it is needed to breath, it is in your blood, it is in the air, it is a molecule, reminds me of the color red, it is in water, it is small
Oxygen	element, necessary for life, usually a gas, invisible
Oxygen	keeps people alive, is a gas, is part of water
Oxygen	
Oxygen	An element, required for all living things on earth to sustain life, it is in the air we breath
Oxygen	used in breathing, atmospheric gas, necessary for human and animal life
Oxygen	breath it, trees help produce more, need for life, element, sometimes bonds with other elements
Oxygen	breathing, plants, needed for living
Oxygen	needed to breathe, given out by plants, in the atmosphere, element, very important
Oxygen	we need this to breath
Oxygen	the most abundant element on the earth, needed to breath, has mass of 16 g, combines with hydrogen to form water, needed to survive, gas
Oxygen	an element on the periodic table that is most commonly found in molecule of 2 atoms, a colorless, odorless gas, essential to homeostasis in biological systems
Oxygen	is what we breath, comes from trees
Oxygen	 element, breathe, water, die, suffocate, necessary, clear
Oxygen	needed to breathe, part of earth's air, plants produce oxygen from taking in carbon dioxide
Oxygen	what one breaths
Oxygen	air, element, chemistry, water
Oxygen	needed for living and breathing. Atmosphere on plant earth has this and is essential for survival of our kind.
Oxygen	breath, life, important, molecule, element, in the air, carbon dioxide, metabolism, released from plants
Oxygen	Oxygen is necessary for human life. We breathe it.  It is found in the atmosphere, and in the ozone.  It is a component of water.
Oxygen	is in the air, is a chemical, is a component of water
Oxygen	is a molecule, is breathed by animals, is a waste product of photosynthesis, makes up a small percentage of the earth's atmosphere, is invisible, combines with hydrogen to make water, is tiny
Oxygen	air, atomosphere, element, breathed, emitted by the lungs as carbon dioxide, needed for survival of many creatures on planet earth, element found in water, vital
Oxygen	Needed to live, breathe
Oxygen	keeps us alive, what trees produce, is a part of water, has the symbol O, is used a lot at hospitals, is on the periodic table, we breathe it in, 
Oxygen	is a gas, used for breathing, necessary for life of all living organisms
Oxygen	Oxygen
Oxygen	air, humans, to stay alive, trees give out oxygen
Oxygen	component of the atmosphere, used by humans to survive, aids in cellular respiration, abriviated O2. component of water, element of the periodic table
Oxygen	h20, breathe, necessary, air
Oxygen	O2. number 8. makes water. part of air. rust. flammable. ozone. 
Oxygen	an element necessary for life, reacting element necessary for combustion, a gas in it's normal state
Oxygen	supports life, is in the air
Oxygen	an element, colorless, odorless,we breath it
Oxygen	life, chemistry, gas, air, breathe, fresh
Oxygen	necesssary for life, a gas on the periodic table, has protons and electrons, extremely flamable, is on the periodic table, trees release it, people breathe it in and convert it to carbon dioxide
Oxygen	required to breathe, older people use pure oxygen when they don't get enough in everyday life, mixed with hydrogen to make water, mixed with nitrogen to make air
Oxygen	what life needs to continue on this earth, this helps plants grow and the human brain function, this allowed for higher life forms to evolve, without it a person will die
Oxygen	oxygen necessary for life, shortness of breath, oxygen-deprived, oxygen rich
Oxygen	necessary for life, inhaled, good for the body, 
Oxygen	humans breathe it and require it to live, plants and trees release oxygen
Oxygen	is needed to survive, is an element on the periodic table, is provided by nature such as trees, present in water
Oxygen	life, breathing
Oxygen	Mask, breathe it, scientific symbol O, when combined with two hydrogens it makes water, oxygen masks, pertinent to survival, none in space. 
Oxygen	chemical, air, necessity, breathable, healthy
Oxygen	needed for humans to breath, is clear, no smell
Oxygen	a gaseous element, critical for life on earth 
Oxygen	
Oxygen	is an element, is the air we breathe, is in abundance on the planet, is essential
Oxygen	periodic element O, in form O2 is the part of our atmosphere that alows us to breathe. a gas, flamable, can be frozen or liquified. a newer trend is the oxygen bar where people go to breathe oxygen.
Oxygen	life. breath, fire, ir, gas, invisible
Oxygen	a chemical element, in air, in water, makes life possible, a gas, a liquid, what we breathe, 
Oxygen	necessity for life, produced by plants, used in hospitals for people who have trouble breathing on their own
Oxygen	the thing we need to breathe to live. will accelerate a flame. something needed to weld. is used to assist sick patients in breathing.
Oxygen	breath, air, breeze
Oxygen	the gas necessary for human life, what humans breathe, can be in liquid or gaseous form, element on the periodic table. 
Oxygen	is essential, invisible.
Oxygen	need it to perform aerobic respiration, which feeds the cellular metabolisms that keep us alive; oxygen bars; liquid oxygen; more oxygen means bigger organisms
Oxygen	
Oxygen	need for life, good all around
Oxygen	life, green, trees, clear, tanks , tasteless, crazy cool
Oxygen	an element; atomic number 16; major component of air; required for life on earth; television network aimed at women
Oxygen	air people breath, a gas people need to survive,
Oxygen	air, needed to survive, element
Oxygen	breathable gas, mixes with lots ofe elemants
Persuade	convince, connive, trick, getting your way, getting someone to do something or to act a certain way
Persuade	convince
Persuade	Attempt to get someone to do something
Persuade	make someone do something, tricky, deceiving
Persuade	to change, what politicians and salesmen do, is a powerful ability
Persuade	to alter someone from one point of view to another, often done in newspapers, how most write essays
Persuade	to convince of a certain point of view
Persuade	try to convince, lie, make happy thoughts, solicit
Persuade	the act of convincing someone to do something. you can be persuaded both positively and negatively. positively is when you are persuaded to donate money to a charity because you see someone in need that the charity would help. negatively, is you are persuaded into drinking because all your friends are doing it.
Persuade	action, to convince, to get someone on your side, to voice your opinion, use of facts and data, articulate 
Persuade	to make someone do something, 
Persuade	to change someones mind, involves talking
Persuade	Convince, tenacity.
Persuade	to make one believe, deception, to make one agree
Persuade	Used to get what you want. Work to manipulate someone to gain your goals.
Persuade	convince
Persuade	is used to change a mind, is sneaky, can be bad or good, used during debate, useful skill
Persuade	convince, change someones opinion
Persuade	chage someones mind, cause someone to do something
Persuade	
Persuade	To convince. Change the mind of someone.
Persuade	turn to one's point of view or perspective, influence, may have good or bad effects
Persuade	convince, talk, tempt, 
Persuade	encourage, favors, pretty please, bargaining
Persuade	plead, beg, to get someone to agree with you, to change someone's mind
Persuade	to convince someone to do something
Persuade	talk into, prove a better point that the opposing argument
Persuade	to influence of convince someone of a view or idea
Persuade	talk out of, talk in to
Persuade	 convince, tell, ask, show, feel
Persuade	to convince, used to get your way, get people to agree with you, there is an "art of persuasion" 
Persuade	to talk in to, to talk out of
Persuade	convince, lie
Persuade	to talk into doing, to manipulate, to convince, to advise
Persuade	convince, talk, arguement, sway, naive, gullible, persuasive, smooth talker, 
Persuade	To persuade is to encourage a person to feel a certain way about a particular thing. Politicians and debaters try to persuade, as do lawyers. Persuasion is also associated with car salesmen.
Persuade	to convince, to argue for your ideas
Persuade	to influence, is an action, attempt to change someone's mind, is done by humans, necessitates a theory of mind
Persuade	lure, entice, haggle, compromise, lead, share facts or beliefs to sway another's opinion or beliefs, try to gain support
Persuade	convince, getting someone to do or think what you want them to
Persuade	having someone believe you, changing someones mind, 
Persuade	to convince or make someone think differently, can be difficult to do if a person's views are very strong, usually supported by evidence, used to change someone's mind
Persuade	Persuade
Persuade	manipulate? ask eagerly for a person to change their minds
Persuade	convincing, used to get someone or something one wants/desires
Persuade	manipulate, convince
Persuade	entice. talk into. try to convince. peer pressure. 
Persuade	to convince someone who otherwise would not participate in an event, action or idea
Persuade	to convince of something, to plead a case,
Persuade	to convince someone,or cause a course of action
Persuade	convincing, manipulative, argumentative
Persuade	talk someone into doing something, way of manipulating people to get results, smooth talking
Persuade	to convince, try to get someone over to your side, give a good argument, to sway someone's opinion
Persuade	to get a person to come to see things as you do, done by speaking or writting, done by showing facts and explaining your views, can include debate
Persuade	convince someone, convince yourself, different point of view, buy something, sell something
Persuade	convincing, helpful, peer pressure
Persuade	to make somebody do something, convince
Persuade	to try to convince, can be used in a variety of different situations, try to get someone to understand where you are coming from or what your point is, or trying to get someone to do something that you want them to do, can be good or bad
Persuade	manipulative
Persuade	convince, seduce, sway, win over, coax, allure.
Persuade	advise, argue into, get to do something, cause to believe
Persuade	to convince someone, win support for something, guiding someone with attitudes or actions to believe something you want
Persuade	the act of one human trying to change the mind of another human or even animal, can be done with incentives or by the explanation/selling of the persuader's point of view
Persuade	
Persuade	is to talk someone into your view, is to convince someone of something, is to prevail, is to urge
Persuade	to change someone's ideas or opinions for someone else's opinion or idea 
Persuade	con, discussion, win
Persuade	not a noun, to convince, giving information for a desired outcome, can be physical, can be verbal, 
Persuade	the get ones way through use of artful words
Persuade	An attempt to get someone to change their mind about a subject. trying to talk someone into something that they are not willing to readily do. Talk someone out of something.
Persuade	convince, believe
Persuade	to convince, 
Persuade	is convincing, is manipulative.
Persuade	can be forceful or not (swords versus pillowtalk); politicians have to persuade each other and their constituents of lots of different things; advertising is all supposed to persuade me to do things; manipulation
Persuade	
Persuade	opposition, 
Persuade	Convince, speech, politics, tuff, easy
Persuade	convince someone to do or believe something
Persuade	convince, get someone to do something, 
Persuade	to convince
Persuade	to convince, to make someone agree, 
Protect	Guardian, family, mother, father, to shelter someone, to take care of and keep from harm
Protect	secure, fight to the death to safe a live
Protect	Defend, prevent danger from getting to someone
Protect	keep something safe, guard, security
Protect	to keep safe, defend, may need force to do, is necessary everywhere
Protect	security, an act of force in opposition of destruction, responsibility of an individual  
Protect	to defend, 
Protect	man, military, guns, dogs, safety, help, 
Protect	to guard something from harm or threats. policeman protect us against harm. and so does pepper spray.
Protect	it is an action, a way to display affection, to defend, can be portrayed towards people and things
Protect	bulletproof vest, medicine, 
Protect	to keep safe, to hide something 
Protect	 Safety, weapons
Protect	to keep something safe, safety equipment does this, prevention of injury or loss
Protect	Opposite of to harm. Father figures, bike locks, the po-9. Condoms protect you from STDs to an extent.
Protect	dont let harm come to, keep safe
Protect	it is a task, it is important, it gets assinged at school, it is a collection of information, it takes a long time, it has an end
Protect	keep safe, hide, keep from harm
Protect	something you do, 
Protect	
Protect	To physically become safer. You could be protected by your house or on a smaller level by a person.
Protect	to provide security, keep safe, save from harm, 
Protect	keep safe, you can protect many differnt things including people from many other thing including other people
Protect	watch out, security, comfort
Protect	keeps humans safe, natural instinct in humans, defense mechanism, guard, security
Protect	to guard someone or something
Protect	to watch out for, look after, care for, keep someone from getting hurt,
Protect	to shelter from harm, makes us feel safe
Protect	security, guard
Protect	 guard, father, police, army, beat up, hit, punch, break
Protect	protect from the bad guys, protect from people who want to harm our way of life, the army protects our country, protection from identity theft and bodily harm
Protect	defend
Protect	safe
Protect	to keep safe. parents or mothers often do this for their young.  cover, make secure
Protect	and serve, police, save, defend, defenceless,  from harm, danger, each other, 
Protect	To protect is to prevent harm from.  Children and other baby animals are often protected, as are areas that are shielded by certain weather hazards.
Protect	to take care of, parents, grandparents, cops, military, keep safe
Protect	shield from harm, 
Protect	shelter, provide for, keep from harm, take care of, covet, keep somethng of value safe
Protect	shelter, defend, shield, safe
Protect	to keep people or things safe, to bear arms, to shelter, to provide, 
Protect	to keep safe or guard, done when an attempt is being made to keep someone or something out of harm's way
Protect	Protect
Protect	cover, look after
Protect	shield, save from threatening situation or object
Protect	jump, guard, safe
Protect	secure. keep safe. lock down. stand guard. look out for. 
Protect	keep from harm
Protect	Mother, to be a force, to keep under ones wing, to not allow harm
Protect	shelter from danger,shelter from injury and from damage
Protect	defensive
Protect	ensure safety for someone or something, guard something valuable
Protect	to keep safe, prevent harm
Protect	What our government does for us, what our military does for us, what vaccines do, what fathers do for their daughters, what mothers do for their sons, the purpose of jails exsisting
Protect	keep safe, parents protecting their children, animals and birds protect their young, guard an idea
Protect	army, security, department of defense
Protect	keep something from being injured or taken away
Protect	is to look out for something and watch over it, to take care of something and not let it get harmed, 
Protect	defensive, possessions
Protect	save, comfort, watch over. 
Protect	arm, security, love something, take care of, guard from harm
Protect	to shield from danger, security, you protect the things you love or are valuable
Protect	The act of guarding anything: houses protect people from the environment, people try to protect their children, pets and friends from harm, enviormentalist try to protect the planet from human damage. In protecting something one is trying to keep harm from another. 
Protect	military, instinct, weapons, self defence, parents to child
Protect	to sheild against harm, to cover up
Protect	to safeguard possesions or loved ones.
Protect	serve and, cop, body gaurd, dog, fence, 
Protect	action taken to ensure safety, action taken by a stronger individual to shield harm, to cover or shield from damage or alteration
Protect	to keep safe
Protect	an action that a mother does if her young are in danger. not letting someone or something get harmed.
Protect	safe, fear
Protect	to make safe, to secure from harm, to help,
Protect	is safe
Protect	women like to be protected by men but not owned by them; necessary for a society to protect it's members; that's why humans got together in the first place (and companionship); implies strength 
Protect	
Protect	big mean person, father figure, brother, looking out for everyone
Protect	safe, hero, family, myself
Protect	keep safe
Protect	take care of, not let harm get to, save from danger, 
Protect	guard, keep safe, body guard
Protect	to keep safe, guard against, from sickness, parents are supposed to, 
Reef	underwater ledge, may drive boats aground, like an island covered by water, coral, the great barrier reef in australia, fish habitats
Reef	found in the ocean. collection of animals called corral. 
Reef	In the ocean, supports lots of wildlife, alive, colorful, dying in some places, protected
Reef	coral, beautiful, underwater, habitat
Reef	are made of coral, home to fish, are in australia,
Reef	in the ocean, cuts people, made of dead fish, important to the ocean ecosystem
Reef	is in the ocean, home to fish
Reef	ocean, can be sharp, wet and mossy, home to sea creatures or plant life
Reef	is made of coral. is found in tropical places. is under water.
Reef	object, place, in the water, made of coral, water animals live here, located at the bottom of the water 
Reef	cool, diving, great barrier reef
Reef	is in the ocean, it is made of coral, is the home of fish, is colorful
Reef	 Colorful, full of fish, sharp.
Reef	a living organism, anattraction for scuba divers, a place where fish or crustaceans live
Reef	Company making surf wear and other surf related products. An environment where fish and other aquatic life live. Can kill you if you get shacked on it hard. 
Reef	under water, colorful, is a habitat for wildlife (fish), 
Reef	is in the ocean, is made of small animals, it dies, it has lots of colors, is has fish in it, it is in warm places, it is beautiful, it is sharp, it is a group
Reef	coral, ocean, shallow water
Reef	coral makes up these, there is a big one in australia
Reef	
Reef	Often made of coral, in the ocean, provided a home for many organisms, often made entirely of organisms growing on rock under the water
Reef	grows in ocean, multicolored, home to numerous species of fish and aquatic life, beautiful algae blooms
Reef	made up of corals and other things of the sea
Reef	ocean, beautiful, colorful, fish, aqua
Reef	Great Barrier Reef, ocean, sea, underwater creatures, interesting object to explore
Reef	this lives in the ocean and is also a clothing company
Reef	found in the ocean or in some body of water, near the top or surface of the water
Reef	an undersea structure of plants and dead matter, many colors, harbors much undersea life
Reef	coral, colorful
Reef	 coral, fish, pretty, sharp, habitat, christmas, hang on door, australia, evergreen, snorkel
Reef	like a coral reef, where fishes live in the tropics, are very beautiful and colorful, also "reefer" which means pot
Reef	coral, colorful
Reef	ocean, fish crabs, artificial, australia
Reef	Underwater plant found at sea. May creatures make a home there and its critical for our survival to have clean protected reefs. Green and leafy, sways with the current of the waves..
Reef	Coral, ocean, fish, colorful, shallow, Great Barrier Reef, Australia, interesting, pretty, lively
Reef	A reef is associated with coral, and are dangerous to ships. The biggest one is in Australia, although there are reefs in the Caribbean as well.  
Reef	is a underwater formation, coral, Australia, home to fish, ocean, great barrier
Reef	is underwater, is beautiful, is coral, is a habitat, can be viewed by snorkeling or scuba diving, is colorful, is a brand of sandals, is where fish and other marine creatures live, is in the ocean, is tropical, can be man-made, is often endangered
Reef	coral, underwater, marine life thrive in it, only grows in certain locations in the world
Reef	coral, is in the ocean, very colorful, small pieces can be put in a fish tank
Reef	is in the oceans, can be make of coral, makes food for aquatic life, are being destroyed, 
Reef	is a colorful plant, grows in tropical waters
Reef	Reef
Reef	in the sea, becoming extinct, beautiful coral reefs, Australia
Reef	underwater garden of life, is its own ecosystem, contains tripical fish and marine life, contains various tropical and marine plants, located off of coasts
Reef	underwater, whale, bahamas, dolphins, coral, australia
Reef	coral reef. australia. finding nemo. white beaches. colorful sealife. can cause shipwrecks. create atolls
Reef	a oceanic feature made from the calcium deposits of coral, slang term for excessive force on an object
Reef	weed, can be in the sea, contains lots of life, hurts if you step on it wrong
Reef	coral, in the ocean, fish, alive, full of life
Reef	ocean, coral, natural habitat, disappearing
Reef	is found in the ocean, can be dangerous for boats, has coral, numerous varieties of fish live on it, tourist attractions, scuba diving, clear waters, very colorful, great variety of living creatures, plant varieties
Reef	underwater, coral, beautiful, home for fish and other undersea life, fragile, needs to be protected
Reef	is in the ocean, supports different types of life, contains coral, are being destroyed, is colorful, can be healthy, can be unhealthy, can be diferent from eachother
Reef	coral reef, marine life, scuba diving, snorkeling, underwater pictures, hidden reefs, shipwrecks, sharp, treacherous, fish, anemones
Reef	'er, in the ocean, spiky
Reef	coral formation in the ocean
Reef	is present in water and is a natural object, is only present in certain locations such as Australia
Reef	ocean, coral, biodome, habitat
Reef	ocean, coral, shore.
Reef	ocean, sea, sea creatures, bank, bar, underwater, vegetation, rocky, sharp, dangerous
Reef	a rock or sand bar beneath the oceans surface, people scuba dive here, fishes live there
Reef	a large aquatic organism, oceanic, home to other organisms
Reef	
Reef	is an underwater ridge, is made of coral, houses fish and marine life, is in an ocean, is very shallow
Reef	underwater coral growth. short for reefer which is a term for marijuana.
Reef	fish, coral, islands, tropics, coconuts
Reef	a collection of calcium carbonate material, formed in the ocean, creates lagoons, formed by shellfish, protects land from large waves, underwater habitat, can form the base of islands
Reef	plant like thing found in the ocean in tropical areas
Reef	a place where sharks hang out. consists of dead organisms. A food source for some fish.
Reef	life, marine, ocean, scuba diving
Reef	in the ocean, made of coral, most well known is the barrier reef, some may be poisonous, hung on doors around the holiday season, made of tree branches and pine cones, used for decoration
Reef	is underwater, has a vast variety, colorful, rare, unique, living, surreal.
Reef	Great Barrier Reef; Australia; damaged/endangered; coral; life; color; turtles; fish; ocean; warm water; anemones; blue water; scuba diving; boat tours; all different shapes
Reef	
Reef	a christmas decoration, everygreen braches
Reef	australia, water, coral, surf brand clothing, fish, color
Reef	a natural or artificial shelter for fish and other marine life; brand of sandals
Reef	underwater ubstructions, can be rock or hard plant like material, often home to many fish and other aquatic animals, also can be home to aquatic plants
Reef	in the ocean, home for many sea creatures, colorful, alive, rock like, endangered
Reef	Coral, Caribbean, Mexico, barrier reef, Australia, animals, fish, can be spiny, 
Relative	family member, cousin, sister, brother, parent, grandparent, aunt, uncle
Relative	grandpa, grandma, aunt, uncle, cousins,  relative humidity
Relative	Someone in the same family, connected by blood or marriage typically
Relative	part of the family, aunts, uncles, grandparents, cousins
Relative	is a cousin, or aunt or uncle. comes over for holiday dinners, are nice, are mean, are nice to be around
Relative	someone who shares a bloodline, based on a standard
Relative	is the same, or is close to the same thing
Relative	family, loving, unloving, relates to something, comparing to something, unconditional relationship
Relative	relative; can either be someone who is related to you in family, or something that has the same properties as another thing. aunts, uncles, cousins, grandma, grandpa these are all family relatives. Hydrogen and Helium have relatively similar properties, so they are near on the periodic table. 
Relative	kin, related by blood or marriage, unconditional love, many forms, helps, embarrassing, family 
Relative	grandma, aunt, cousin, niece
Relative	is a family member, is someone you love, is in your inner circle, is a familiar face
Relative	a person, helpful, close, similar to me.
Relative	a family member, a loved one, someone you care about, a person biologically related to you
Relative	Someone who is a part of your kinship group. Related by blood or by family ties.
Relative	related to, cousin, aunt, mom, dad, sisters, in the family, family gatherings,
Relative	part of the family, weird or cool, they come durning holidays, they are people you love, they are blood related
Relative	similar, close to
Relative	someone in your family, similar to something
Relative	
Relative	a family member related by blood or marriage, or the nature of something 
Relative	sibling, parent, can cause hindrance or be helpful in one's life
Relative	a person related to you by blood or marriage, 
Relative	cousin, aunt, uncle, family, loves you, reunion
Relative	cousin, aunt, grandparent, uncle, family, people who know you and understand you, people who will always love you
Relative	a family member
Relative	related by blood or marriage, human being
Relative	someone from the same family or bloodline, such as a father, mother, sister, brother, cousin, aunt, or uncle
Relative	realted to the family
Relative	 mom, dad, aunt, uncle, grandma, grandpa, brother, sister, love, friend, in laws, folks, holidays
Relative	someone in your family, who you are related to by bloodcan also be used as a comparison, eg. the apartment is small relative to our last apartment.
Relative	someone connected to you by blood
Relative	blood kin, extended, family, get togethers, distant
Relative	Someone within the imitate or distant family. Someone who shares the same blood type as one of your parents or their siblings or yourself. Someone usually loving and caring. Someone who is supportive.
Relative	close, family, depends, dad, brother, mother, family reunions, get together Christmas
Relative	A relative is a member of one's blood-family.  Members include father, mother, sister, brother, grandmother, grandfather, aunt, uncle, cousin, niece, and nephew.
Relative	family, cousin, aunt, uncle, sibling, parents, grandparents
Relative	a family member, includes, sibling, parent, grandparent, uncle, aunt and cousin, is someone you can ask for help, 
Relative	kin, similar, joined by bloodline, proximate, can be a close or distant in kinship, ancestors
Relative	relatedness, family members, things that have a commonality
Relative	family, could deal with similarity, 
Relative	is a member of an immediate or extended family unit 
Relative	Relative
Relative	family, in relation to
Relative	individual related to another individual by marriage or blood, part of family, can be male or female of any age
Relative	family, aunt, uncle, cousin
Relative	matters. can be used in a certain situation. compared to normal. 
Relative	kin, family, similar
Relative	people i like, my cousins 
Relative	family,some one close to you, biologically related 
Relative	sibling, parent, cousin, grandparent, family, relationship, trust
Relative	a family member, someone a person shares blood with, is not an exact amount, is average
Relative	family, shares DNA, unconditional love, large extended family, consists of aunts, uncles, cousins, grandparents, etc.
Relative	someone who shares some of the same genes as you, can be a brother or sister, can be a mother or father, can be an aunt or uncle, grandfather or grandmother, old or young, dead or alive, male or female
Relative	family, extended family, children, long-lost relative, distant cousins, family of man, descendants of Abraham, descendants of apes, relative value
Relative	connection, situational, 
Relative	someone that is related to you by blood or marraige
Relative	one that is related by blood or marriage, has a family connection
Relative	family, relationship
Relative	same, comparison, family, cousins, aunts and uncles. 
Relative	family, genes, inheritance, loving, hating, brother, sister, cousin
Relative	person related by blood or marriage
Relative	the relation to something, or a person one is related to 
Relative	
Relative	is a person one is related to, is a fmaily member, is nice to have around, keeps one company, is thoughful
Relative	someone you are related to, by blood is a blood relative, by law is an in-law. personal point of view. "happiness" is a relative term.
Relative	father, motehr, siter, brother, monkey, einstein
Relative	family, a person with direct relation, something of importance
Relative	aunt, uncle, cousin, etc.. 
Relative	your aunt, uncle, grandmother or grandfather. someone that is bound to you by blood. a person who shares the same family tree.
Relative	cousin, mother, father, sister, brother, uncle, aunt, DNA
Relative	one who is related to you, cousin, father, mother, daughter, sister, brother, nephew, aunt, uncle, grandmother, grandfather, great grandfather, great grandmother
Relative	is family
Relative	everything is relative; the opposite of concrete or certain or absolute; someone in your family
Relative	
Relative	family member, familey, love 
Relative	aunt, uncle, family, science, 
Relative	compared to something else; a family member
Relative	someone related to you, typically somehow genetically related to you
Relative	related, parents, siblings, grandparents
Relative	is family, is distant, is friendly, 
Scissors	Never run with these, used for cutting paper or fabric, two pieces of metal that close together, have plastic handles
Scissors	cutting paper, arts, opening a new store
Scissors	Used to cut things small, handheld, office tool
Scissors	used to cut things, double blades, different sizes
Scissors	are sharp, are useful, can be dangerous
Scissors	don't run with them, cut paper, and other stuff, not helpful in rock, paper, scissors
Scissors	cut things, are generally sharp
Scissors	cutting, sharp, straight, can draw blood, not a weapon but can be used as such.
Scissors	scissors cut things. they are used in arts and crafts and also in styling. they can be used for just about anything. 
Scissors	object, used to cut, to blades, used in crafts and art, office supply
Scissors	cut, sharp, metal, plastic
Scissors	are made of metal, they cut things, they are sharp, they are a tool, they have two finger holes
Scissors	 Two holes, two blades, sharp, for cutting
Scissors	used to cut, sharp, dangerous, useful, a tool, separates things
Scissors	Used to cut, twin blades alternate in motion to cut something. Childproof, sharp, don't run with them.
Scissors	metal, two finger wholes, cuts things, sharp edges, 
Scissors	used to cut, are made of metal, are sharp, dont run with them, are used in kindergarden, helpful
Scissors	metal, cutting device, sharp, pointy, 
Scissors	cut things, are sharp, made of metal, have blades and handels
Scissors	
Scissors	made of metal used for cutting of objects.
Scissors	sharp, used to cut, don't run when carrying, opens packages or bags
Scissors	used to cut things, made of metal
Scissors	cut, dotted lines, seperation, paper
Scissors	used to cut things, can create anything, come in different shapes, used in everyday life, sharp, not suppose to run with, can be dangerous if used incorrectly
Scissors	used for cutting
Scissors	is a crafting utensil, used to cut, consists of two long metal knife-like pieces attached to a piece of plastic, 
Scissors	a cutting instument, 2 blades attached near the middle at a pivot point and a handle on each blade beyond the pivot point.  Mainly used to cut thin, weak material, such as paper
Scissors	cuts
Scissors	 cut, sharp, little kids, paper, tape, crafts, cloth
Scissors	don't run with scissors, used to craft, to cut paper, fabric, to trim things, are very handy, have handles with two holes you hold on and two metal blades you cut stuff with
Scissors	what you use to cut paper
Scissors	cut, dont run with, cross, sewing, crafts, stabbing, clean lines
Scissors	a tool used to cut paper or material. sharp and hard. made for adults and children. dangerous if not used correctly.
Scissors	cut, paper, sharp, fingers, rock, shape
Scissors	Scissors are metal objects used to cut paper and occasionally fabric.  They usually have plastic handles.
Scissors	is used to cut, made of plastic, made of metal, children, scrapbooking, rock & paper
Scissors	used for cutting, sharp, two pieces, metal and plastic, not for running with, beats paper, Scissor Sisters are a good band
Scissors	used to cut, can be left-handed or right-handed, open and close to cut things, desk object
Scissors	used for cutting, use two finger to operate
Scissors	cuts paper and many other objects, has 2 sharp sides that are connected together, is a part of office supplies
Scissors	is an object with sharp blades and handles, used for cutting
Scissors	Scissors
Scissors	to cut papers/cloths with, sharp object, household apparatus, possible murder weapon 
Scissors	used for cutting, made of metal and plastic, can be specific to medium it is designed to cut: material or paper. comes in little kid and adult sizes, contains a blade
Scissors	cut, sharp, pointy, metal
Scissors	To cut. open popcicles, two circles, not for cloth. cut hair. junk drawer. metal blades. curl ribbon. can be left handed
Scissors	tool used for cutting paper or other material, made from two blades a hinge and handles
Scissors	sharp, a weapon, could kill, cut hair, 
Scissors	tool used to cut,made of metal, sharp
Scissors	tool, cutting, craft, handy
Scissors	sharp, kids should not run with them, used to cut paper and other things, must have fine motor abilities to use, found in classrooms, made of metal and plastic
Scissors	shaped like an "x", cuts paper, can be harmful, used for sewing, used for opening things, can cut through most thin material, has a handle and two blades
Scissors	can cut things, can reduce the size of things, are used in cooking, are used in art projects, can shape things
Scissors	tool, weapon, cut hair, cut paper, childrens safety scissors, sharp tip, blunt tip, hairdressers scissors, crafts
Scissors	cutting, slice, haircuts, meat, string
Scissors	used for cutting paper, two sharp metal shears come together to cut
Scissors	are used to cut materials, can be made of plastic or metal depending on what they are intended to cut, have two finger holders and two sharp blades
Scissors	tool, cut, sharp lines, crafts
Scissors	cut, child proof, cut hair, carry with tip down, Edward Scissor Hands.
Scissors	sharp, cut, handle, destroy
Scissors	appliance used to cut things, used in crafts and sewing, sharp, used by humans, 
Scissors	used to cut, sharp, has two blades, used by humans
Scissors	
Scissors	is made of metal, cuts paper, cuts hair, can be dangerous if improperly used, are very sharp, come in different sizes
Scissors	tools used for cutting. two blades that slide together to slice through materials. johnny depps hands in that movie
Scissors	running with, cuting, paper, thread
Scissors	two sharp blades used to cut, sharp, pointy, dangerous, useful, can cut specific shapes, can cause harm, can go dull
Scissors	used to cut various objects, sharp, dangerous
Scissors	has two pieces screwed together. are very sharp. used to cut paper. come in right and left handed.
Scissors	cut, left hand, right hand, paper, metal
Scissors	used to cut, tool with sharp edges, usually fashioned from steel and plastic, 
Scissors	is sharp
Scissors	don't run with them; arts and crafts; danger; feel sharp; metal; usually bright colored handles; different kinds for crafts, sewing, kitchen shears; school supplies
Scissors	
Scissors	cut, two blades, childhood memories of scrap booking 
Scissors	sharp handles, hair, paper, people, metal, metallic
Scissors	a tool usually made of plastic or metal or both that is used to cut through objects such as paper, plastic, cloth, and some plants; sharp
Scissors	cutting tools, cut various materials, cutting parts typically made of metal, handels typically made of plastic, 
Scissors	metal, 2 blades, cutting
Scissors	are metal, can cut things, have handles, you shouldn't run with them, 
Security	safety, alarm systems, protection, guards, AAA
Security	safety, top secrect,
Security	Put in place in many locations to keep people safe, hotels, airports, schools, businesses 
Security	protection, hired, guards
Security	to be safe, people who protect us, isnt free
Security	safety, blankets, reassurance
Security	is safe, is a guard, is a 
Security	protection, malware software, badges, police, FBI , secret service, unnoticed, bouncers, safety
Security	is the feeling that you are safe with what ever you have. you can get a security system put in your house to fight off burglars, and there are security officers to keep communities safe.
Security	protection
Security	guards, dogs, systems, cameras,
Security	a person who is protecting others, safety
Security	Metal detectors at the airport, intimidating.
Security	a state where someone feels safe, a force of people that protect someone, personal protection, emotional protection
Security	At the airport, false sense, not always legitimate. Metal detectors and the police. 
Security	protects things, watches for out of the ordinary, can be people instruments electronics, 
Security	has alarms, is a prevention measure, is important, is used to protect houses and cars, is a good feeling, comes from peace, helps people
Security	safe, police, 
Security	keeps things safe, many different types
Security	
Security	A sense of safeness. 
Security	safety, knowing one is protected, no fear of harm, provided by police, government, or private companies
Security	used to keep people safe, used to keep people out, can be a team of people or technology used
Security	safe, police, feeling secure
Security	protection, helps people relax and not worry, guards, alarms, safe
Security	to protect something
Security	safe from harm, protected from danger, distinguishes fear
Security	denying an enemy or hostile person access to a resource or something important.  important for survival, and makes us feel safe
Security	safety, social secutiy number
Security	 social, money, system, house system, bars, gun, bomb, police
Security	security threat is a danger, TSA doesn't provide any security, security comes from preparedness, can you ever be truly secure?  
Security	to protect, safety
Security	safe, gun, baseball bat, closed. secluded
Security	Confidence, safe, covered, protected. Indoors, not left out in the cold. Often a stuffed animal can bring a child security. A lock that is used, bolted shut hard, stiff, not wobbly. 
Security	gaurds, police, night stick, gun, handcuffs, protection, watches, observes, enforces rules, dogs
Security	Security is often found at malls, concerts, and at large events. Security can be equated with feeling safe.
Security	safety, guard, cops, military, social security, checkpoint, metal detector
Security	feeling of being safe, state of safety, can be a system, can be installed, can be false
Security	safety, person hired on to keep people or a premises safe, protected from harm or destruction, feeling of being free from harm
Security	safe, protection
Security	protects people, houses, and cars. generally wears the color blue or black. can be a person or device.
Security	is a feeling of being content, also describes procedures in place to preserve safety
Security	Security
Security	protection
Security	feeling of protection, ranges between protection in one's own home to protection in one's own country 
Security	safety, alarm, guns, dogs, boy, 
Security	inept. private guards. uniforms. spies always win. lasers and cameras. henchmen
Security	protection, the feeling of being safe
Security	satisified feeling, can be very frustrating
Security	safe, protection against damage
Security	needed by people of importance, found at places of importance, keeps an eye on people, prevents danger, prevents wrong-doing
Security	used in many buildings, provides protection, gives people a piece of mind, enforces laws, 
Security	keeps people safe, used in crowded places, protects from thieves, prevents burglary or attack
Security	What our government gives us, what police officers give us, what a alarm on our house can give us, what the locks on our doors and cars can give us, what a partner can give us
Security	safety, house, house alarm, security guards, locked gates, self assurance, confidence, money, savings, family bonds, friends
Security	provide safety, protects people, within a home
Security	protect and observe the area, prevent stealing and intrusion
Security	keeps safe, provides protection, can keep a house from getting broken into, can be an actual system or a physical trait
Security	safe, protected
Security	serenity, safe, home, family, friends.
Security	safety, guards, armor, agreement, protection
Security	feeling of safeness, protection from danger, there are policeman to help protect stores called security officers, 
Security	the feeling of safety, or the name of the force that is providing safety
Security	safe, money, weapons, miilitary, health, 
Security	is a person who makes one safe, is a good feeling, is calming, carry guns, enforce the law
Security	the feeling of being secure. what police and other guards are sometimes refered to.
Security	protection, armor, weapons, defence, friends, a sure thing, stabilty, body gaurds, police, firemenr, fire alarms, peace, 
Security	a safe state, a person or persons ensuring safety, 
Security	safety, feeling save
Security	someone hired to protect something or someone else. A feeling of safety. something used to keep bad things from harming something. 
Security	safe, life
Security	the act of making something secure, preventing from invasion, protection from harm
Security	is safe.
Security	often associated with money - which to an extent is true but really comes from family and friends and faith; safety
Security	
Security	bank, private, other people cant obtain
Security	safety, people, fencing, alarms, reliability
Security	safety; protects people or places
Security	something protective, something making sure something else is secure
Security	to protect, body guards
Security	is safety, is being protected, is monitored, is surveilled, 
Sheets	Cotton or silk, bed, hanging out to dry, pieces of paper, sleep on them, write on them
Sheets	paper, bed spreads, 
Sheets	Paper or what is used to cover a bed and cover a person for sleeping
Sheets	thin, cover bed, paper
Sheets	soft, bed, sleep, warm, cozy, relaxing, made of cotton
Sheets	can be paper, can go on a bed, both are mostly white
Sheets	the base layer on a bed, very thin layer of cotton covering a bed
Sheets	bed, cozy, hot, cold, silk, flannel, paper, printers, problems, 
Sheets	Sheets; thin pieces of material. you can either have bed sheets, which are thin pieces of fabric, or you can have paper sheets, which are thing pieces of...paper! bed sheets come in all different colors and different sizes for bed sizes. sheets of paper come in a variety of colors as well.
Sheets	objects, on bed, clean, for decoration and comfort
Sheets	bed, keep you warm, under the blanket
Sheets	they are different colors, they are soft, they are put on top the bed, they are slept on
Sheets	Cover a bed, soft, warm.
Sheets	paper, bed sheets, sheets of metal, rectangle pieces of fabric
Sheets	Something you sleep in or print onto. White sheets, silk sheets, computer paper.
Sheets	something on your bed, can be any color, silk, cotton, synthetic material, keeps oneself warm
Sheets	are soft, are on your bed, are fabric, can be washed, used to sleep on, have to be organized in the moring, can be folded, are cold when you first enter them
Sheets	fabric, on bed, cover 
Sheets	used on bed, or paper
Sheets	
Sheets	paper or fabric, used for writing and so on, also to cover beds
Sheets	bed covers, paper, used in copy machines, decorative, multi-colored
Sheets	paper, bedding, made from different materials, natural or synthetic
Sheets	bed, comfortable, silk, t-shirt, night time
Sheets	covers a bed, used to cover up a person, come in multiple colors and patterns, made of different materials
Sheets	we put these on our beds
Sheets	thin blankets found on a bed, closest thing to the bed, soft material
Sheets	a piece of paper or thin light covers on a bed
Sheets	somthing you sleep on
Sheets	 bed, sex, blankets, pillow, soft, silk, smells good, wash
Sheets	put on a bed between the mattress and blanket, commonly made of cotton, jersey, or silk, used to keep mattress and blanket cleaner, longer
Sheets	used for beds, covers
Sheets	paper, bed, drunk, white, cotton, wash, art
Sheets	found on a bed for comfort. white and crisp material under a comforter. Can be layered on top of one another. Paper comes in this form as well. Can be several colors and patterns. Have to be changed at least once a  week.
Sheets	bed, in between, covers, comforter, sleepy, pillow, soft, cotton
Sheets	Sheets go on a bed, beneath blankets. Sheets include a fitted sheet (which is tight) and a flat sheet (which is tucked under the edges of the bed.)
Sheets	cotton, paper, on a bed, music, worksheets, white, soft, colorful
Sheets	are put on beds, are sometimes fitted, need to be washed, are fabric, can be paper, can be any color, come in various sizes, can be expensive, are usually purchased at department stores
Sheets	paper, bed coverings, cotton, variety of colors and compositions, can be written on, can be used to sleep on 
Sheets	covers for a bed, there is a top one and a bottom one, many different colors and brands available. 
Sheets	goes on a bed, can be different colors and fabrics, can be paper, covers
Sheets	has multiple meanings-is fabric that lines a mattress and used for sleeping, can describe individual pieces of paper or other materials
Sheets	Sheets
Sheets	paper, bedspreads
Sheets	used to cover a bed, sized to fit specific bed sizes: twin, double, queen, king. come in different colors and textures, made of different materials: linnen, silk, cotton, flannel. keep the individual in the bed warm
Sheets	bed, comfy, sleep, linen, cloth, cotton
Sheets	Bed linens. White and clean. hospital tuck. crisp. thread counts. fluffy summertime
Sheets	individual pieces of a flat substance, paper, linen, bed coverings, a thin layer
Sheets	soft, silk, white, satin, 
Sheets	sheets of paper, bed sheets, pillow sheets, they cover things, protect
Sheets	bed, sleep, home decor, egyptian cotton
Sheets	provide warmth, used to make a bed, cover a mattress, get messy sometimes, can be used to build forts for kids, come in different colors, are soft
Sheets	can be cotton, can be flannel, different sizes for different bed sizes, can be colorful, soft, protects mattress, keeps us warm at night
Sheets	often seen on beds, what you lie between when you go to bed, often made of cotton or polyester, helps to keep people warm at night and keep the mattress clean, 
Sheets	clean sheets for the bed, matching set, crisp cotton, soft flannel, right size, comfortable 
Sheets	protect mattress, white, warmth
Sheets	cover a bed, sleep on and under, keep your bed clean
Sheets	used to cover a bed to sleep on, made of cotton or flannel, can also refer to sheets of paper
Sheets	bedding, comfortable, laundry, downy
Sheets	Bed, of paper, silk, Egyptian cotton, fluffy, flannel, pink, warm, cuddle. 
Sheets	fluffy, cotton, flannel, colored, warm, snuggle, bed
Sheets	piece of fabric put on bed to separate from a bare mattress
Sheets	could be a bunch of paper, or things of a bad used for cleanliness and comfort
Sheets	
Sheets	is a fabric, is cotton, is silk, is comfotable, is white, is colorful, is expensive, is warm
Sheets	paper, things on beds, ice, thin flat objects with very large surface areas in comparrison to their thickness.
Sheets	bed, ghost, KKK, white, paper, 
Sheets	flat cloth, go on a bed, made of different materials, can be washed, can be soft, warm, covers the body while sleeping, a luxury, can be used as curtains, many other uses
Sheets	come in multiple different colors and styles that are used to cover beds
Sheets	something you put on your bed before you put your comforter on, are usually starched in motel rooms, cover your mattress.
Sheets	paper, wood, trees, bed spread, mattress
Sheets	lie on a bed, what people sleep on, can be made of fleece, covers, lies between the bed and the comforter
Sheets	is to sleep on, comfortable.
Sheets	ghost costumes; beds; sex; sleeping; dreams; top and bottom; matching sets versus not; flannel sheets in the winter; changing them after company comes
Sheets	
Sheets	keep you warm, have to change, nice and cozy 
Sheets	white, folded, cotton, soft, clean , stretchy, smooth, cool, wavy, fresh
Sheets	of paper; for a bed; made of cloth or paper or metal; thin; large
Sheets	fabric that is put on beds, one sheet is fitted to the bed and people lay on top of, one sheet is rectangular and people lay under
Sheets	white, blankets, used to keep warm, place on bed, piece of paper
Sheets	go under blankets, cover the bed, aren't warm, 
Sing	to carry a tune, to tell on someone, choir, church, beautiful, loud
Sing	something a person will do, or a group.
Sing	Using the voice, more fluid than traditional speech
Sing	a sound, pretty, music, from mammals, produces vibrations
Sing	can be soothing, can be relaxing, is a talent, is hard to do
Sing	to produce harmonic frequencies using vocal chords, not appropriate for all to do
Sing	is music, is a sound, is done by musicians
Sing	choir , chorus , music, soprano, alto, bass, american idol, happiness, lungs
Sing	this is an action in which sounds are produced and released through your mouth in a rhythmic manner. people sing in choir, in church, at concerts, in the shower, in the car, people sing everywhere. there are competitions that critique how well people sing.
Sing	action, voice, different pitches, different sounds, good, bad
Sing	sometimes good sometimes bad, beautiful or ugly
Sing	is beautiful, people like to listen to it
Sing	 Voice, music
Sing	to vocalize song lyrics, hard to do, a choir
Sing	Something Rhianna sucks at. Notes, octaves, chords, tune, melody, music, harmony, tone.
Sing	loud, a bird, a person, others listen to this, an action, 
Sing	sounds beautiful, done by a chior, done by birds, used to praise, used to express happiness
Sing	make music, sounds 
Sing	makes music, makes songs
Sing	
Sing	using your voice to produce a audible and often pleasant to hear sound
Sing	loud volume, accompanied by music, soothing, can set a mood, effects people's attitudes, uplifting, 
Sing	an act using your voice, birds can sing, can express emotion
Sing	passion, good, listening, lyrics, beats, rhythms
Sing	music, voice, enjoyment, something that people love to do, can be a career
Sing	to say words in a different tune
Sing	produce noise with the vocal cords, saying words in a musical tone
Sing	to vocalize a musical harmony, can be done alone, with others, or with musical insturments
Sing	pretty, makes you feel good
Sing	 song, music, girl, sexy, guitar, famous, popular
Sing	birds sing, people sing, to make noise, singing can be pleasurable to listen to or can hurt your ears, is used in musicals, in choirs, singing voice is different than talking voice, used for entertainment 
Sing	melody
Sing	vocalize. joy, release
Sing	Birds like to do this, sometimes one does this in a shower. When you are happy you sing a happy song. Songs make you sing.Choirs  and soloists do this as well.
Sing	fun, music, in the shower, in the car, noise, enjoyable
Sing	To sing is to cry out in a melody.  Many genres of singers include rock, soul, blues, jazz, and opera. Types of singers can include sopranos, altos, mezzo sopranos, contraltos, tenors, and basses.
Sing	microphone, opera, concert, chorus, choir, open mouth, notes, words, vocal chords, diaphram
Sing	making melodious voice sounds
Sing	tune, vocal chords drawn out to create song, music, alto, tenor, choir, birds can sing, vocal melody
Sing	words that are usually paired with music
Sing	music, using vocal cords, makes up a chrous or choir, sound, 
Sing	is the act of talking in different tones, usually creating a melody or pleasant sound, done in musical works where vocals are present
Sing	Sing
Sing	song, lyrics, dance, harmony, melody, music, beat
Sing	music, comes from a voice, can be good or bad, loud or soft, made of sound waves
Sing	loud, key, notes, power, confidence, music, beat, harmony, melody, song, artist, albums
Sing	vocal. harmony. the sound of music. not as formal as an opera. something to do in the shower. make a pitch 
Sing	verb of the act of producing a song or vocal music
Sing	on key, loud, softly 
Sing	songs, use your voice, 
Sing	often done when people are happy, important part of music, lyrics, talent
Sing	using your voice to create music, can take lessons or it, there are groups to belong to, choirs, beautiful, songs on the radio, has music to go along with it
Sing	words put to music, can sing in a choir, voice training, different octaves for different people
Sing	a person using their voice to  create art, can be high or low pitch or both, can be one or multiple people, can be an infinite amount of possible variations, style may vary from culture to culture
Sing	expression of happiness, training, off-key, loud or soft, male or female, tenor, bass, soprano, alto, group singing, choral, birds, animals
Sing	american idol, pleasant, music, artist, money
Sing	to narrate a song, done with music
Sing	is a physical action, is musical, professional career, can create good or bad sounds depending on quality, also present in nature such as with birds
Sing	expression
Sing	In the shower, in a car, choir, music, american idol, vocal chords, musical notes. 
Sing	vocal, pretty, moving, money making, respiratory
Sing	to make music with your voice, to say words with a melody, groups of people singing can be called a choir
Sing	an act that uses the vocal cords, done by humans, glorified talking to music, difficult to do well
Sing	
Sing	to move air out of your lungs into your vocal cords and produce a smooth sound, is pleasant to listen to, can be unpleasant to listen to
Sing	a relative term. but in general when someone is attempting to make the noise coming out of thier mouths sound aesthetically pleaseing, they are trying to sing.
Sing	songs, out loud, church, music, 
Sing	projecting auditory musical notes, done by humans, done by birds, can sound beautiful, can sound terrible, done alone, done with others, can be happy, can be sad
Sing	to use your voice to create music, a song
Sing	a melody. something you do if you are very happy. a story spoken along with music.
Sing	music, notes,
Sing	to rejoice, exalt, shout joyfully, 
Sing	is musical
Sing	makes me think of the Sound of Music; is actually just modified breathing, like talking is; often has social/spiritual significance, as in hymns or worship music, or connecting people in talking about public figures involved with singing as in "Did you see Brittney Spears shaved her head again?"
Sing	
Sing	lovely, nice, brings a message, good for the soul
Sing	choir, voice, music, talent, air, bibrations, women, men
Sing	using vocal cords to produce musical notes; usually has words; can be bad or good sounding
Sing	spek words in a melodic way, express words in a smooth way
Sing	vocals, music, bass, baritone, tenor, alto, soprano, harmony, melody,
Sing	music, notes, karaoke, joyful, what one does in church, gospel
Sister	Caring, kind, is a member of a family, is a sibling, can be petty
Sister	a female sibling
Sister	Female sibling
Sister	another female child born of the same parents, annoying, older or younger
Sister	a best friend, is little, is younger, looks up to me
Sister	two x chromosomes, not a brother, long hair, annoying
Sister	is a female sibling
Sister	love, best friend, growth, unconditional love, learning, friendship, warmth, comfort, family
Sister	is older or younger, i am an older sister to my little brother. sisters look out for their siblings and serve as a role model.
Sister	a person, relative, a sibling, a girl 
Sister	loving, sibling, lifelong friend
Sister	 is a girl, is a sibling, is someone you love, is family, is pretty
Sister	a true friend, similar to me, confidant.
Sister	dont have one, a sibling, you are an uncle to her children, one you want to protect
Sister	I have one. Similar DNA, good friend, love her, should always be there for you.
Sister	a sibling, a female, in a family, a person
Sister	a person related to you, a girl, lives in the same house, you have a close connection, you have to share with her
Sister	female sibling, a girl, 
Sister	a female sibling, a nun
Sister	
Sister	a female child family member that is blood related, often close in age as you the child of your mother and father also. Half-sister is when you and your sister have a different mother or father than each other. 
Sister	female, takes too much time in the bathroom, 
Sister	family member
Sister	wish I had one, loving, selfish, best friends
Sister	person who you can talk to about anything, someone you can look up to, someone who is your role model, someone who will always be in your life, someone you will always love, best friend
Sister	the opposite of a brother
Sister	blood related, having the same mother and or father, family, girl
Sister	a female sibling from the same mother as yourself
Sister	sibiling, fun, loving
Sister	 mean, pigtails, ribbon, girl, lipstick, dress, high heels
Sister	what nuns are referred to as, what mormans call women, a familial relationship between two daughters, sometimes call a close friend a sister, often have tight bonds between sisters
Sister	is a sibiling
Sister	female, smart, funny, consistent, nurturing, survivor, is human,
Sister	A sibling  born into the same family as oneself. can be adopted or biological. Shares the same mother, father or both. loving and can be confrontational at times, brings joy and sadness but should make life more fulfilling
Sister	friend, sibling, brother, family, relative, close, share, fight, 
Sister	A sister is a female sibling. She shares DNA with the sibling, and generally a living environment. Sisters are notorious for stealing clothes.
Sister	is a relative, not always blood related, same parents, friend, girl, woman
Sister	is female, has a brother, is part of a family, can be younger or older, 
Sister	kin, born to the same parents, relating closely to, female, sibling
Sister	family member, female
Sister	opposite of brother, is the daughter of father and mother, a part of family, is a female
Sister	is a female sibling, an immediate family member
Sister	Sister
Sister	relative, family, loved one, role model/idol, 
Sister	female, in the same family as an individual, comes from the same mother and father as an individual, biologically related to an individual, can be younger or older or the same age
Sister	girl, love, family, jealousy
Sister	sibling. older. used to beat me up. someone to watch out for. 
Sister	female sibling, family, kin, very close female friend
Sister	girl, friend, mean, nice, love her in the end,
Sister	family, a nun, a loved one
Sister	friend, sibling, bond, relationship, closeness
Sister	is a sibling, related by blood, can be annoying, someone to talk to
Sister	companion, friend, role model, beautiful, inspirational, hard-working, loud, lovable
Sister	is the sibiling of a sister or brother, is a daughter, can be a mother, can be young or old, can be dead or alive, is a female
Sister	sibling, nun, shared experiences, soul sister, honorary sister, title
Sister	15 yrs old, freshman in high school, related
Sister	female sibling, could be a step sister or half sister
Sister	a female relative that has at least one of the same parents 
Sister	relationship, friendship, family
Sister	Older, younger, Amber, Shae, twins, best friends, enemies, fight, look up to, family.
Sister	opposite of brother, girl, woman, older, younger
Sister	born from same mother, related by blood, female sibling, 
Sister	a female companion of the same parents as another person or animal, related
Sister	
Sister	is a girl in your family who came from the same parents, is a female, is someone you'll fight with, is a friend, is someone to play with, is someone to keep you company, is someone who is there in a time of happiness or a time of crises
Sister	female sibling, nun, what black girls call each other.
Sister	Maria, a nun, familly, girl, 
Sister	female, part of a family, is a human, can be an animal, can be a mother, can be an aunt, is a daughter, has siblings, loving, hateful, tender,caring, abusive, nagging, mothers helper, daddy's girl
Sister	best friend, a girl, bilogical sibling
Sister	female sibling. what you call a nun. slang that african americans sometimes call their female friends. 
Sister	friend, role model, mother's daughter, brother, family
Sister	female sibling, born by a mother, 
Sister	is familiar
Sister	daughter of the same parents or something of a kindred spirit; giggles often come with sisters, as do fights and sharing things (from clothes to life experiences); can give rise to in laws and nieces and nephews
Sister	
Sister	in your life from birth, love them no matter what
Sister	georgia, girl, loving, trust, friendship
Sister	female sibling; name for a nun; used in some churches as a title for women
Sister	a female relation to someone who has the same parents, can be genetically related or adopted
Sister	female, sibling
Sister	is a woman, is a friend, is a relative, is parents' other child, protects you
Snob	Stuck up, nose in the air, looks down on others, sees themselves as higher class or better than others
Snob	a name for a mean person
Snob	Believe to be superior, stuck up
Snob	a person who is annoying, bitch, stuck-up, mean
Snob	rich people, to be stuck up, to be to into yourself, to not show respect
Snob	rich bozeman people, a person with a false sense of entitlement
Snob	someone who is stuck up
Snob	Rude person, country club, lots of money
Snob	snob; is someone who acts like they are better than everyone else. they usually have lots of money. they come from wealthy lifestyles and have materialistic attitudes. words that come along with snob are: Gucci, little puppies in purses, fancy cars, good grades, nose-in-the-air attitudes, they think they are better than everyone else, and they don't give other people the time of day.
Snob	a person, behavior, to be mean, domineering, conceded  
Snob	stuck up, think they are better than everyone else
Snob	is sassy, is a mean girl
Snob	 Rude, rich
Snob	a person, someone who thinks they are better than others
Snob	Harry Potter word. Rich uptight, white people. WASPs of Rhode Island.
Snob	not a very nice person, rude, not very well liked by others
Snob	 a person, rude, insecure, looks down their nose
Snob	annoying, rich
Snob	someone stuck up
Snob	
Snob	A person who is selfish and stuck up. They are greedy with their wealth and like to gloat about it. Not usually kind or sympathetic to people 
Snob	rich, spoiled, disconnected with normal life, entitled, 
Snob	a characteristic of some people, ususally not a good quality in a person, usually treat other people they are snobbing poorly
Snob	brat, full of yourself, self-absorbed
Snob	stuck-up, person who thinks they are better than everyone else, not usually well-liked, look down on people
Snob	stuck up thinks they are better then everyone
Snob	egotistical, thinks very highly of themself, their nose is in the air, thinks they can do no wrong, believe they are better than everyone else
Snob	a self centered person, undesire for other people to be around
Snob	stuck up
Snob	 stuck up, mean, to good, not nice
Snob	a rude person who thinks they are better than others, comes from their feeling of superiority, snobs don't just think they are better, they make sure everyone knows they are better, they are often snide, and passive-aggressive 
Snob	stuck up
Snob	rich, disrespectful
Snob	Stuck up, someone who thinks they are above or better then others. Someone who makes more money and looks down at others who don't make as much.Someone who is cold and not humbled.
Snob	yuppie, snooty, snobbish, turned up nose, mean, city dwellers,
Snob	A snob is somebody who is very pretentious and seeks the approval of others. They often think that they are superior to others, without justification.
Snob	Is a person, is not polite, is not sociable, is good looking, has money, thinks highly of themselves
Snob	is stuffy, is rich, is snotty, is self-righteous, thinks they are better than others, is a person, male or female, is annoying, 
Snob	belief of superiority, look down on those believed to be inferior, expressed by actions and behavior
Snob	mean, usually rich, rude
Snob	not a a nice person, a person who thinks they are better than others, can be spoiled and rude
Snob	is a description of an unpleasant person, often describes someone spoiled or rich
Snob	Snob
Snob	stud, too cool, show off, vain
Snob	stuck up individual, rich person, noncaring of others, nose in the air type
Snob	rude, selfish, ignorant, uncaring, disrespect
Snob	hoity. stuck up. richer than us. thinks hes better. nose hairs. eager to correct. wont share.
Snob	someone who believes they are above a action or noun
Snob	someone i dont associate with, 
Snob	stuck up, rude person
Snob	rude, no manners, jerk, brat, feels the need to impress everybody, puts people down
Snob	stuck up, not likeable, often rich, does not care about anyone but themselves, something a person does not want to be
Snob	conceited, stuck up, self-centered, acts superior, usually wealthy, privileged, gets whatever they want whenever they want
Snob	stuck-up, rude, only accepts certain class of people
Snob	too good for present company, show off, knows a lot
Snob	rude, no manners, disliked by others
Snob	rich, snooty, arrogant, rude
Snob	is to be stuck up or having a bad attitude, may think they are better than others or not be fun to be around, may be selfish, not considered a good quality
Snob	rude, arrogant, egotistical
Snob	spoiled, looks down on others, gives people the cold shoulder, offend, act cool, stuck up, put down people. 
Snob	high brow, smarty pants, mean, hurtful, unwelcome
Snob	someone who is stuck up and thinks they are better than everyone else
Snob	a person or animal with particular tastes, will not settle until it gets what it wants exactly
Snob	
Snob	is stuck-up, has an attitude, think theyr'e better than you
Snob	smug, self important, self seeking, self serving, vain, narcissist.
Snob	rich, stuck up, high taste, beer, wine, 
Snob	self-righteous individual, arrogant, poignant, stuck-up, judgmental
Snob	stuck up, has an attitude thinking he/she is better than others, unfriendly
Snob	Someone who is rich. a person who treats others badly because they think they are better than others. Money. 
Snob	brat, rich, uptight
Snob	stuck up, arrogant, rude, non-intellectual, not extroverted, unsocial
Snob	is annoying.
Snob	most likely found at fancy social functions but can frequent every day locals like coffee shops and organic food stores; externally they like to dress superiorly and drive expensive cars, etc.; often associated with money but money doesn't make you a snob; mostly people are snobby because they are insecure
Snob	
Snob	stuck up, have everything handed to them
Snob	annoying, person, girls, stuck up
Snob	stuck up; not nice; thinks they are better
Snob	someone who thinks they are better than others, someone who looks down on others, doesnt act nicely to others, 
Snob	jerk, unfriendly
Snob	someone with their nose in the air, someone who is aloof, someone who thinks they are better than others, someone with money
Soprano	Person with a high range when referring to singing, loud, high pitched, shrill
Soprano	a show, a person who can sing high notes
Soprano	A tone of singing voice
Soprano	high singer, loud, chorus
Soprano	talented, singer, opera
Soprano	high singer, mobsters, HBO
Soprano	is italian, is a mobster, is rich, is fictional
Soprano	a part in a song, choir, higher pitch, opposite of alto
Soprano	are the higher pitched singers in a choir. they are opposite altos. they are usually girls.
Soprano	a sound, the opposite of alto, the way a voice sounds, singing, a choir, a higher pitch of sound, loud
Soprano	tv show, certain pitch in a singing group
Soprano	is a high voice, is music
Soprano	 High pitched, girls.
Soprano	a voice tone, a television show
Soprano	Higher level of singing, or a member of a family who "whack's" mad people. 
Soprano	a singer, person, a voice, or instrument, 
Soprano	it is a voice, it is in a choir, it is made by a person, it is part of a whole, is sounds nice
Soprano	music
Soprano	type of music, type of instrument
Soprano	
Soprano	a level of singing pitches, or vocal ability. the higher pitch usually only performed by women in a choir. 
Soprano	high pitched, opera, sang by female or young boy, part of a quartet
Soprano	type of singer, 
Soprano	high, choir, singing, girl
Soprano	is a high-pitched singer, high-ranged instrument, creates a beautiful sound, has to do with music, 
Soprano	a low voice
Soprano	a pitch used in singing, very high pitch, found above alto and bass pitches, used in choirs
Soprano	im not very familiar with this word, but some type of musical form
Soprano	saxaphone, singers tone
Soprano	 spain
Soprano	highest vocal range, can be annoying sounding, sopranos get a lot of arias in operas, usually only girls are sopranos (guys may be when they are little, but grow out of it)
Soprano	type of saxaphone, the pitch in wich a singer can sing in
Soprano	opera
Soprano	High range on a musical scale, high pitch sound, choir, beautiful sound when done correctly.
Soprano	sax, low sound, Godfather, gangs, mob, Italian
Soprano	A soprano is a female singer with a high voice.  Sopranos are often found in the opera and in choirs.  The opposite of an alto (or contralto) in women.
Soprano	is a singer, highest pitch, mafia
Soprano	singer, high voice, vocal part, section of an ensemble, usually carries the melody, is a human
Soprano	musical tone, t.v. show character
Soprano	a higher tone of singing, both males and females can sing this style
Soprano	type of music, was a popular tv series, 
Soprano	is a musical work, hits high notes
Soprano	Soprano
Soprano	high pitch, singing, choir
Soprano	tone of singing, one of four tones that can be sung in, is the second to the lowest tone. ont of the tones in a quartet
Soprano	music, song, notes, high
Soprano	Opera. Symphony. Aida. below alto. voice. not the fat lady. 
Soprano	a high pitch of sound usually associated with music, or musical instrument, a popular television family
Soprano	has a good voice, sings in opera, 
Soprano	singer,music, singing, well rehearsed,symphony 
Soprano	music, hbo tv show
Soprano	a way of singing, is a show on tv
Soprano	highest singer in a choir, higher octaves than other singers or instruments, usually gets solos
Soprano	has high-pitched voice, sings in a chorus, sings solo, can be a female or male, sings music, sings songs, performer
Soprano	female, young boys, high pitched, high octaves, musical training, solo
Soprano	pitch, singer
Soprano	a tone of music, soprano singer, sax
Soprano	associated with Italians, is a tv show
Soprano	hbo tv show
Soprano	TV Show, high key in music, rapper. 
Soprano	coloratura, descant, falsetto, singer, treble, tv show
Soprano	highest range of voice, its usually females or boys before they hit puberty, used in opera, used in choir
Soprano	a singer, can high very high pitch notes
Soprano	high pitched, annoying, little girl, music, chior
Soprano	is a high octave, is a female, is an opera singer, is powerful
Soprano	type of singer, a tv show.
Soprano	gangster, singer, high note, oera
Soprano	a certain arrangement of musical notes, a key of music, a mobster
Soprano	musical term
Soprano	A single singer. 
Soprano	tv
Soprano	level of singing, reality television show
Soprano	is high, is hard to achieve, is piercing.
Soprano	the high singers; makes me think of opera and those long high notes that shatter glass
Soprano	
Soprano	the god fathers, voice, high, singer
Soprano	tv show, saxophone, high pitch, annoying, small
Soprano	the highest pitched voice classification; an HBO television series
Soprano	a type of singing voice, a type of pitch range, 
Soprano	small saxophone, female singer, high notes
Soprano	is someone who can sing above an alto, has a beautiful voice, is a woman, 
Submarine	An underwater enclosed vehicle, u boats, torpedos, WWII
Submarine	military equipment, 6 moth deployment. torpedo, admiral 
Submarine	Yellow, traveling below the water, ocean, used in war
Submarine	underwater transportation, cool, periscopes, military
Submarine	goes under water, are nuclear, are long, are made of matal, carry people, shoot torpedos
Submarine	underwater, used in war, used in scientific observation
Submarine	is a submersible boat
Submarine	ocean, water, wet , cold confined,military, scary, alot of metal, heavy,
Submarine	is a closed ship that can go underwater. used in the navy as a way to sneak up on enemy boats, is also used for deep sea exploration. 
Submarine	object, submerged under water, used in war, soldiers operate, houses people, detected by radar, launches missiles 
Submarine	underwater, navy, missiles
Submarine	is underwater, is oval shaped, is made of metal, used for exploring, used in war, 
Submarine	 Yellow, underwater, scope
Submarine	an underwater ship, a warfare vehicle
Submarine	Under water submersible used to house people preforming research or military missions. Sometimes used for pleasure if you're rich.
Submarine	under water, people use, metal, propelled, 
Submarine	it goes under water, it carries people, it has missles, it is used in war. it is metal, it is large
Submarine	metal, tube, underwater, military,
Submarine	goes underwater, used in war, are usually large
Submarine	
Submarine	A ship type structure that is able to go underwater with people safely inside, used for war, and studying the ocean
Submarine	underwater, used in wars or for recreation, depths of the ocean
Submarine	a machine that can travel underwater, people can go in one and live there, a weapon in the military
Submarine	ocean, oxygen tanks, yellow, pilots, sailor hats
Submarine	boat that can go underwater, big, strong, metal, used to explore underwater, sandwich, used in wars
Submarine	a ship that goes underwater and is part of the navy and people live in there for long periods of time
Submarine	boat that is able to go under water
Submarine	a vehicle that is designed to travel underwater, must be water tight and sturdy enough to survive the water pressure
Submarine	goes underwater
Submarine	 yellow, salt water, nuclear, diesel, missile, military, navy, kill, radar, seamen
Submarine	marines, navy, torpedos, yellow, fishes, stealth, whale-like
Submarine	is in the water
Submarine	water. closed, confined, caged, silent, deadly
Submarine	A giant vessel that is made to go underwater. Often used in battle. They are large boats, or ships that can house weapons and it can also launch weapons towards enemies approaching.
Submarine	underwater, yellow, the Beatles, long, metal, clausterphobic, missiles, ocean, navy
Submarine	A submarine is a vessel that goes below the water.  Some submarines shoot torpedos. The Beatles sang about a "Yellow Submarine," which is a song about a vessel beneath the sea.
Submarine	is a boat, underwater, navy, fish, ocean, is made of metal, uses radar, the beatles
Submarine	goes underwater, is a vessel, is a weapon, is dangerous, carries people, is large, is metal, has a computer, has a periscope
Submarine	moves under water, views surroundings through a scope, allows humans to expolore depths of water masses, can be used for warfare, designed by humans, used by humans, Beatle's song "Yellow Submarine"
Submarine	Under water, Navy ship, looks like a tube
Submarine	allows you to go deep in water, used for ocean research, is a type of vessel, 
Submarine	is a machine, used to travel under water
Submarine	Submarine
Submarine	under water, military, navy seal
Submarine	used to travel deep into the ocean depths, used by the marines, made of lots of metal, heavy, very expencive
Submarine	underwater, boat, war, bubble, 
Submarine	Underwater. u-boat. cramped quarters. stinky. 20,000 leagues. torpedoes. nuclear powered. no windows. periscope. Red October. 
Submarine	a submersible water vehicle, under the surface of a body of water
Submarine	can go to great depths, is a big hunk of metal, can sink, has torpedos
Submarine	a ship that goes under water and has people inside made of metal,hightech
Submarine	sneaky, warfare, smuggling drugs, unnoticed
Submarine	made of metals, used by government, moves under the water, found in the ocean, has people on it, form of protection, used to discover things and protect
Submarine	underwater, exploring, Beatles "yellow submarine", made of metal, has one eye that comes above the water, shaped like a cucumber
Submarine	a machine created by man which is boat that can completely submerge, often used in war to take out other submarines or ships
Submarine	underwater vehicle, military, u-boats, sonar, enclosed, tube, tight quarters, discipline, silent travel, attack, missiles, test runs
Submarine	underwater, clostrophobic, dark
Submarine	underwater vessel, has missiles, good for wars
Submarine	Is a boat that goes underwater, used to examine sea plants and creatures, can be dangerous, used mostly by professionals
Submarine	drug cartels, sneaky
Submarine	yellow, under water, torpedo, hero. 
Submarine	underwater, boat, captains, weapons, war, secrative
Submarine	watercraft that is under water, beneath the surface of the sea, armies use them in war to take out ships
Submarine	an underwater boat, used for military and research
Submarine	
Submarine	a boat that submerges and moves around under water, is used to study marine life, is used to move around undetected
Submarine	below water. a naval vessle that fully submerges under water. also a sandwhich.
Submarine	sandwich, sea men, nuclear, black, tomb, sneaky, unfair, invisible, nazi, german,  
Submarine	an underwater vehicle, huge, tubular, metal, full of seamen, confining, underwater transportation, hard to detect, use sonar, 
Submarine	enclosed vessle that goes under water
Submarine	something that sailors use to go underwater. Stealthy. its a machine used by the navy. Can go underwater very deeply.
Submarine	water, deep, ocean, metal
Submarine	ship for underwater war fare, long hard and full of seamen, submerges in water for extended periods of time, shoots torpedoes, used by the Navy, 
Submarine	is metal, is used underwater, big, sailors.
Submarine	The Beatles - Yellow Submarine; Hunt for the Red October; U-boat warfare; history; cramped quarters; sonar; look like bullets most times; often black; metal; can be used for exploration or warfare
Submarine	
Submarine	metal, underwater, world war II, nuclear, 
Submarine	water, men, metal, reactors, danger, confinement, claustrophobia, pipes, war
Submarine	under the water; a vehicle that has the ability to go under the water
Submarine	cylindrical, dives under water, submergable, often carries people underwater, typlcally made of metal
Submarine	yellow, beatles song, metal, vehicle, boat, submerges in water, used by military, used by scientists
Submarine	is a boat, can go underwater, is a sandwich, is tubelike, has propellers, has a periscope, has hatches
Tall	Opposite of short, having height, large, overstated height
Tall	opposite of short. a type of story. 
Tall	Large height, someone who is above the average in height
Tall	large height, people, buildings
Tall	to be big, to look down on others, having long legs, basketball players, big city buildings
Tall	Height, an attractive quality, no I, evolutionary probably
Tall	is great in height
Tall	basketball players, russian and german men, sky scrapers, church peaks, alcoholic drinks 
Tall	is a height, is a physical description about somebody, for a girl, means that your height is measured at 5'9" or more, and for a boy, means that your height is measured at 6' or more, you are considered to be "tall", most people would say that buildings are tall. 
Tall	height, measured in feet, inches, centimeters, genetic, long legs, long body, living and inanimate 
Tall	skyscrapers, men are tall, 
Tall	high up, skyscrapers, basketball players
Tall	 Skinny
Tall	a size of a person or object, greater than something, looking down on something, mountains, buildings, physical stature
Tall	In relation to short. Measures in inches or the metric system. Only tall in relation to something shorter.
Tall	height, description, related to people, usually given in inches, 
Tall	is the opposite of short, is a desirable trait for men, is an idea, is relative, is descriptive
Tall	bigger, high, large height
Tall	is big, opposite of short
Tall	
Tall	physical description of how long something is when stood up right, height for example is how tall a person is. 
Tall	height, elevation, varies with point of view, hard to reach, intimidating, varies per person and age
Tall	a person or object can be tall, 
Tall	lanky, big, large, feet, boy
Tall	elevation, has to deal with height, good for athetes
Tall	the opposite of short
Tall	increased height, big
Tall	greater than average height
Tall	
Tall	 big, fat, large, lanky, jeans, beer, glass, men, athlete
Tall	a person, a tree, is a description, conveys power, tall people play basketball
Tall	height, size
Tall	Big, basketball, joint issues, mountains
Tall	describes height, looking up, trees are tall, so are buildings and street lights. Tall can be helpful when reaching things that are high above. 
Tall	high, up, above, large, 
Tall	Tall is large in height.  Many basketball players are tall, as are giants. Many statues and natural monuments can also be tall, provided they are large enough.
Tall	high, long, mountain, height, building, empire state building, eiffel tower
Tall	opposite of short, vertically long, big, connotes size
Tall	height, above average, long, elongated, apex
Tall	big, high, most basketball players are tall, skyscrapers are tall
Tall	the opposite of short, displays height, 
Tall	lengthy, far off the ground
Tall	Tall
Tall	height, a brother whom is tall, 
Tall	not short, lengthy, long, high up, a measurement of someone/thing's height
Tall	long, above, 
Tall	not short. higher than most. basketball players. skyscrapers. trees. lenghty. borderline disproportionate.
Tall	having great height
Tall	trees are tall, contains great length
Tall	large, long,big,
Tall	can refer to any object inanimate or living, stands upright, longer than it is wide, superior, dominant
Tall	is above average height, big, men are often tall, above 5'8" in height
Tall	high in the air, people look up to see, can be referring to buildings or people, above average height
Tall	Some people are this, is useful for certain sports, can describe furniture, can describe plants or trees, can describe animals
Tall	describes people, describes buildings, cultures in general can be tall or short, usually an asset to be tall
Tall	mountains, description, basketball player
Tall	adjective, a word describing height, someone that is not short 
Tall	is the opposite of short, has a greater height or is larger than average, can refer to a person or any object such as a building or tree
Tall	dominant, powerful
Tall	Shaq, basketball players, buildings, giraffe.
Tall	growth, opposite of short, Shaq, developed 
Tall	opposite of short, large in height, usually basketball players are tall
Tall	a feature of a animal or object, has a great height that what it is being compared to 
Tall	height, sports, handsome, people, growth, can be measured
Tall	is something I have to look up at, is towering
Tall	not short. high abouve ground.
Tall	wide, big, sky scrapper, basketball player
Tall	not a noun, a description of height,  a vertical measurement
Tall	big, large
Tall	someone who has more height than others, something that most basketball players have. 
Tall	whip, dog, cat, horse, rat, mouse
Tall	vertically endowed, of great length reaching upward, larger than most, of great height
Tall	is lots of height
Tall	is the opposite of short in terms of height; can also refer in slang to an alcoholic beverage, tall people often receive social benefits and are more likely to be in most sports in the upper divisions of them; Abraham Lincoln had giantism
Tall	
Tall	a person who can dunk it, getting close to maturity 
Tall	large, high, buildings, mountains, 
Tall	big; large distance from top to bottom
Tall	higher than others, highest point is above others
Tall	opposite of short, above average height
Tall	is high up, is not short, is what basketball players are, is good for reaching things
Tea	Made from leaves, Hot or cold, herbal, water, goes in a cup, calming effect
Tea	drink, ice tea, southern drink. hot tea. tea tree
Tea	typically comes in tea bags, natural herbs, good when you are sick, thought of as a proper drink, hot or cold
Tea	water seeped through herbs, delicious, hot, cold, iced, cultural
Tea	is natural, is healthy, sometimes gross, grown in china, is a leaf, is bitter
Tea	wonderful, a herbal drink
Tea	is a liquid, is murky, smells good, can be hot or cold, is associated with English people, comes in many different falvors
Tea	warm, relaxing, calming, sweet, refreshing
Tea	is a herb in a bag that you let soak in water, and it flavors the water, you can get caffeinated and decaffeinated teas they make a zen well being
Tea	a beverage, used for religious practices, different flavors
Tea	tasty, sweetened or unsweetened, healthy
Tea	is hot, is made of herbs, it comes in a bag, you drink it
Tea	A liquid, hot, bitter, helps sore throats.
Tea	a drink, a cultural drink, warm, makes one feel beter
Tea	Hot or iced, many types, British people love it. Relaxing, smooth and soothing.
Tea	something that flavors a drink, green, black, cold or hot, comes from leaves, is in grounds, 
Tea	is hot, is herbel, is made for drinking, is boiled on the stove, is good for colds, it smells good, is is relaxing, is served at tea parties, is served in a tea cup, is exodic
Tea	drink, hot, asian, 
Tea	Is liquid, made by mixing a bag of stuff with water, has many flavors, can be cold or hot
Tea	
Tea	served hot or cold in a tea cup, many different types of herbs are used to make it, generally good for your health, some has caffeine others do not
Tea	hot or cold, made of herbs and spices, used for refreshment or health benefits
Tea	natural, plant, leaves, drink, soothing, calming, china, british, 
Tea	good, brown, hot, summer, england
Tea	soothing, helps a sore throat, warm, comforting, helps relax, healthy
Tea	something you drink, chinese people
Tea	beverage, hot or cold, liquid, 
Tea	water that has had herbs soaked in it so that the water takes on the flavor of the herbs, can be drunk hot or cold, often contains caffine, brown in color, pleasent odor, an alternative to coffee
Tea	tasty, is hot, is cold
Tea	 coffee, party, afternoon, cookies, cups, saucers, spoons, honey, whiskey, sugar
Tea	loose tea, or tea in bags, caffeinated or decaf, made from flowers, herbs, or tree bark, stuff like that, can taste strong, or mild, can taste like flowers, been around for a long time, people drinking tea around the world as far as history knows, famous tea drinkers are the British and the Japanse, tea is associated with being proper, also with being zen/hippy-ish (Indian yoga people)
Tea	is a type of drink
Tea	india
Tea	a beverage served hot or cold. contained inside of a small bag soaked into water for flavoring to come out and be consumed. Can be very healthy and can help during a cold or flu. The English enjoy this time to chat and drink this beverage in the afternoons daily.
Tea	herbs, herbal, remedy, soothing, sick, honey, cream, bag, mug, hot water, steep
Tea	Tea is the leaf of a plant that is drunk. It often has caffeine. It can come in black, green, red (rooibos), or herbal, which can include many flavors. Popular flavors include Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Irish Breakfast,  Lapsang Souchong, Chamomile, and Peppermint.
Tea	is a drink, hot, teacup, english, earl gray, grandma, saucer
Tea	is delicious, is hot, is made with water, steams, is made from plants, can be black, red, green, white or herbal, provides health benefits, is a beverage, sometimes includes honey, lemon, sugar and/or milk, can be iced
Tea	caffinated beverage, drank socially at tea time, bitter, served hot
Tea	can be hot or cold, can be sweetened with sugar and come in different flavors, often is found in a bag.
Tea	can be hot or cold, can contain caffeine, has different flavors, is good to drink for colds, is drank from a cup, contains leaves or a bag
Tea	is a drink, contains many herbs and sometimes caffeine, often combined with honey or other sweeteners, often used to promote sleep, stress and illness
Tea	Tea
Tea	British ritual, contains caffeine, cleansing
Tea	consists of dried leaves/herbs/spices that are steeped in water, a beverage, can be hot or cold, tasty
Tea	green, metabolism, calming, soothing
Tea	hot water. english. loose leaf or bagged. delicious. cozy. two hands.sugar and cream. sun tea. sweet, good on a hot day. slice of lemon
Tea	the beverage made from the leaves of the tea plant, the tea plant, any beverage made by steeping organic material in water
Tea	sleepy time tea, tastes great, puts me to sleep, chamomile
Tea	a drink, flavored with plants and herbs
Tea	staple of the south, sweet, healthy, natural, herbal
Tea	is a drink, can be warm or cold, there are many different flavors, can add sugar or honey to sweeten, some have caffine, there are black, green, and white kinds
Tea	comes in bags, drank with hot water, steeps, natural, flavorful, can be iced
Tea	comes from soaking leaves in hot water, comes in variety, originaly came from japan, can be religous, can be spiritual, can be beneficial to health
Tea	drink hot or cold, herbal, medicinal, spicy, tea leaves, bulk tea, tea bags, brewing, Boston Tea Party, English tea, Japanese tea ceremony
Tea	drink, relaxing, smells good
Tea	herbal drink, sweet tea, sometimes has caffeine
Tea	is a herbal object that is consumes, can be used to relax someone as well as awaken someone, found in different flavors
Tea	sweet, southern comfort
Tea	bag, party, warm, iced, lemon. 
Tea	herbal, brown, bag, healthy, drink, brew, refreshment, hot, iced
Tea	a beverage made by soaking tea leaves in water, often popular in london
Tea	a beverage, served around the world, hot or cold, many types
Tea	
Tea	is an herb, contains caffeine, is warm, is good to drink, is soothing to a sore throat, is nice to smell
Tea	a drink made from dried leaves, served hot, comes in many different varieties. and flavors.
Tea	england, japan, green, black, earl grey, tea ceremeony, tea cup, tea pots, 
Tea	an herb, a drink, has caffeine, has soothing and calming effects, can be hot, can be cold, can be sweet, huge variety, a plant, usually drank in the morning, 
Tea	brown-ish colored liquid sometimes containing caffeine, comes in a bag generally
Tea	an herb that was first grown in the orient. a drink that can be had either hot or cold. is dried leaves.
Tea	raspberry, hot, cold, water, flavor
Tea	drank by Britains, drank instead of coffee, herbal stew, leaves can come in a bag, filtered and placed in boiling water for flavor, 
Tea	is good, is refreshing.
Tea	the friendship drink of the world; more diverse than coffee; British people; sugar; how many lumps would you like; tea sets; China; Arizona Tea Company; people from developed countries like it sweet; can be hot or iced; can taste like fruit or herbs or spices; can be made in milk or water
Tea	
Tea	drink, hot, upper class, sugar 
Tea	british, black, chai, green, smells good, warm, ice, brown, red
Tea	a leaf used to make a beverage; usually caffeinated; tasty
Tea	a drink made by soaking a certain type of leaves in water, can be hot or cold, differnt types of tee: green, white, black
Tea	can be hot or cold, comes from plants, soothes the voice
Tea	is a drink, is watery, is leaves, is not like coffee
Top	Opposite of bottom, the big top in the circus, top hat, the very peak
Top	opposite of bottom, a child's toy
Top	Shirt that someone wears on the upper half of their body, spinning toy, higher than something else
Top	highest part of something, tall, always faces up
Top	spins, is colorful, are cone shaped, are old school
Top	not the bottom, a place that is higher to a relative low.
Top	is the opposite of bottom
Top	shirt, over a hill or mountain, breasts, head, sweater
Top	top; is a shirt to go with pants, is a diamond shaped toy that spins around, is the counter where food is prepared.. counter top, is the very highest part of a building.
Top	a place, location, descriptive, opposite of bottom
Top	swimsuit, topper to a truck, 
Top	you spin them, made of wood
Top	 High, right side
Top	a toy, the highest point of something, a peak in life or career
Top	The very height of something, it cannot get any taller or more important. Hierarchy system.
Top	spins, a toy, little kids play with it, plastic or metal, pointed at one end,
Top	it is opposite of the bottom, it is up, it is at the highest point of everything, it is good, it is high, it is a location, 
Top	above, better, 
Top	above, not bottom
Top	
Top	used in physical descriptions, implies direction, the upper part.
Top	up high, show of status, elevated above everything else, 
Top	the very tip of something, can be the end of a building or the best in a class, 
Top	shirt, toy, above, popular
Top	opposite of the bottoms, another name for a shirt, highest point, can also be known as a lid
Top	opposite of the bottom
Top	superior surface, above
Top	the highest point of something, can also refer to a shirt, or to a childs toy which is circular, balanced, and spins on a point
Top	high up
Top	 mountain, hill, first, best, her, sex, on 
Top	wear it on your chest, a piece of clothing, a tshirt, a vest, a coatcan also be metaphorical "you're the top" meaning you're the  best
Top	hard to reach
Top	best, closes something, toy, spinning, hello, above, rim, highest, elite
Top	Can be spun around, a childs toy, A lid of a jar is a top, hard metal or soft plastic. to be high on something. the part nearest the sky.
Top	shirt, spinning, cloth, dradle, toy, cap, jar
Top	Top is below the bottom. It can be associated with mountains.
Top	above, highest point
Top	is the opposite of bottom, is relatively high, is not the middle, is an extreme and, is a toy, is for children, spins, falls, 
Top	apex, upon, highest point, spin, draiddle, peak
Top	above everything, can't go any higher
Top	opposite of bottom, lies above, a type of clothing, 
Top	is the highest point or part of something, usually used to describe 
Top	Top
Top	highest position, when your on a mountain
Top	on the superior side of an object, objects can often be set on it
Top	above, pyramid, power
Top	spinning. childs toy. dreidl. angular velocity. wobbles. first sergeant
Top	the part of an object that is above the rest of the object, a spinning children's toy, to better another person's action
Top	can be of almost anything, can be a spinning object, a mountain
Top	summit,peak, finished,
Top	above everybody and everything else, nowhere else to go
Top	not on the bottom, high up, is a toy that spins, can be a cover for something, can be related to clothing
Top	spinning toy, like a dradel, spins on the floor or table, fast moving, can make sounds
Top	used in jewish holidays, can describe a piece of clothing for the upper torso, can describe a part of a piece of landscape (mountain) and object (head)
Top	top of a building, top of tree, top a person wears on their upper half, top it off, the highest point, top of the heap
Top	summit, tallest
Top	not the bottom, top of the stack, a spinning toy
Top	is not the bottom, there is something below it, can refer to anything such as the top of a tree or the top of a table, is not limited to the materials
Top	above, high, looking down
Top	opposite of bottom, lid, ceiling, of a pyramid, thing that spins. 
Top	opposite of bottom, best, most important, highest in rank, smart
Top	upper part of things, opposite of bottom, 
Top	the highest point of something, or a lid
Top	
Top	above something, on the top side of a table, is higher than
Top	not the bottom or the sides. usually a surface at the highest point of something.
Top	bottom, north, up, in charge, 
Top	the highest point of an object, a desired place, above the rest, a spinning object,
Top	a toy children play with, a lit, something that is above something else
Top	something that can be spun and used for a toy. the very upper side of something tall. 
Top	bottom, mountain, hill, view
Top	opposite from the bottom, as high as the item, the pennacle, 
Top	spins, is fun.
Top	opposite of bottom; shirts can be tops, convertibles can have tops, tops of my shoes; oddly tops are usually seen from above? like the shoes thing
Top	
Top	of a mountain, the  place where everyone wants to be
Top	the best, on top, mountains, high, sky, clouds, breazy, everest
Top	anatomically, the superior end of something
Top	the upper part of something, the highest part of something, countertop, mountain top, clothing top, 
Top	lid, cover, roof, opposite of bottom
Top	is the summit, is not the bottom, is what we are aiming for, 
Wheat	Gluten, bread, grain, brown, harvested, pasta, many people are allergic to this
Wheat	bread, farming, seeding
Wheat	Grown on farms, important food staple
Wheat	grain, grown in fields, used for bread, allergen
Wheat	is a plant, makes bread, is a cash crop, is grown all over the US, makes cereal
Wheat	food, an important crop, wheat montana
Wheat	is grown, is in flour
Wheat	bread, pasta, beer, baking, eating
Wheat	is what bread is made out of. wheat contains fiber, and fiber  aids in digestion of food and is crucial to body health. wheat is a plant that is ground up and used for baking.
Wheat	is a grain, can be eaten, bread, farming, harvest, plant, grown in fields, is nutritious
Wheat	makes bread and many other things
Wheat	is a grain, it grows in the ground, it makes bread and beer, it tastes good
Wheat	a crop, grain, gold, used for bread.
Wheat	a grain, used to make bread,  healthy, grown in feilds, needs water to grow, a crop, brings money to farmers
Wheat	Product grown by farmers to be sold and created into a variety of products for the people.
Wheat	grows in a field, is usually a yellow color, make into bread, feed to cattle, agricultural world, sells in bushels, 
Wheat	it grows, it is harvested, it is on farms, it is eaten, it is a plant, it is processed, it uses the sun, it is a crop, it is skinny
Wheat	plant, can become food
Wheat	type of grain, makes food such as bread, grown in a field
Wheat	
Wheat	A grain used for many different foods. Grows in a field from a seed. Used for tortillas, breads, and many other products.
Wheat	used to make bread, grows in fields, harvested and bailed for transport
Wheat	natural, crop, america, export, bread, grain, edible, feed for animals, 
Wheat	agriculture, farmers, ranchers, cows, fields, beautiful, harvest, fall
Wheat	crop, grown by farmers, income, used for food, grain, golden
Wheat	farmers grow it
Wheat	a farm crop, used for  bread and cerals, cut by a combine, harvested by farmers, yellow, long thin grass-like strands with a head
Wheat	a grain from a plant that is used to make flour and bread, edible, brown or golden colored when harvested
Wheat	is a plant, makes food, is edible
Wheat	 flour, bread, barley, tractor, plow, drill, bake, combine, plant, harvest
Wheat	winter wheat is important in Montana, wheat makes bread, it grows in fields, is yellow, is important foodsource, WheatMontana makes really ginormous cinnamon rolls, wheat is like really tall grass
Wheat	produces food, grown in fields, is a plant
Wheat	food
Wheat	grown in fields used to make many things such as bread, rice, pasta. A carbohydrate, 
Wheat	bread, flour, cooking, yellow, fields, healthy, plant, grows, 
Wheat	Wheat is the building block of bread, and is also the primary source of gluten in the diet (which individuals with Celiac's Disease must avoid).  It is contained in a husk and grows in the ground.
Wheat	is a grain, bread, combine, farm, stalk, is yellow
Wheat	a grain, a plant, food, used in bread, a cereal, needs to be cooked, is edible, is golden, can cause illness
Wheat	gluton, used to make bread, used to make pasta, edible, grown by farmers, healthy, golden or brown in color, grows in various climates
Wheat	Is farmed, dry, a type of bread
Wheat	a type of bread, is considered to be healthy, can be a type of pasta, or cereal
Wheat	is a grain, used to make bread products, frequently an allergen
Wheat	Wheat
Wheat	processed to become rice, healthy, staple plantations for a lot of countries
Wheat	type of grain, golden in color, put in bread or pasta, eaten, type of carbohydrate, grown in the soil, type of plant
Wheat	bread, healthy, whole-wheat, ingredient
Wheat	Bread ingredient. Three forks. Tall grass. used in beer sometimes. golden fields. healthy
Wheat	a species of grass that produces a edible grain, crop
Wheat	brown, makes bread, can be cracked or crushed, it good for you, has a stalk, is combined
Wheat	food,good for you, grind for flower, you can cook it
Wheat	agriculture, bread, crop, field, grain, golden, food staple, glucose
Wheat	makes breads and flour, has gluten in it, can be whole or white, grown in fields, is a grain, turns brown when ready to harvest, is a staple, grown by farmers, 
Wheat	in bread, contains gluten, in pasta, grown in fields
Wheat	used to bake bread and other carbohydrate foods, grown in farmer fields, cause fat, good for energy, provides food for many people around the world
Wheat	staff of life, golden wheat fields, bread, cereal, wheat flour, whole wheat, white bread, allergies
Wheat	gluten, bread, grown in the ground, eaten a lot
Wheat	grown in a field, farmed, a plant
Wheat	is a natural crop harvesting in fields, is not bad for you, used in cooking
Wheat	bread, crop, agriculture, fields, farming, income, harvest, bakery, gluten, food staple
Wheat	bread, field, farming, Wheat Montana.
Wheat	grain, harvest, combine, New Hollands, seed, food
Wheat	used to make bread, grown in fields, farmers grow it
Wheat	the crop, used to make many grain products, grown across the world and in america, 
Wheat	
Wheat	is a grain, is edible, is a beige color, is a pretty plant, makes bread, makes beer, is gluten
Wheat	food, used to make flour. 
Wheat	bread, life, grain, farms, white, thresehed, harvest
Wheat	a food, a grain, used in noodles, used to make alcohol, a crop, used by humans and animals, used to make bread, used to make flour, is green, is golden, can be hard, can be dry, can be wet, needs water, needs sunlight, produces oxygen, grows in soil, a food staple for centuries
Wheat	food, source of income for farmers, made into flour, cut in august/september, planted in the spring, golden yellow
Wheat	in the fall it turns golden. It is grown is vast fields. It is gown a lot in the midwest. it is a plant. it can be eaten. Used to make break and crackers.
Wheat	fields, bread, crunchy, scare crow
Wheat	farmed, grown for food, processed and shipped by farmers, eatten, found in bread and other grain roducts
Wheat	can be eaten, is tan, rough, used in cooking.
Wheat	gold; supple; blowing in the wind; last and first scenes in Gladiator with Russell Crowe; makes flour; can make gum out of a wheat kernel; threshing; combining
Wheat	
Wheat	life blood of Montana, carbs, food products, golden fields 
Wheat	bread, sandwich, smells fresh, subway, beer, gold, fields, montana
Wheat	plant; grain; food; grown in Montana; basic staple
Wheat	a type of grain, grown in fields,usually brown, is used to make a lot of food products,  
Wheat	grain, bread, grown in fields
Wheat	is a plant, is brown, has a stalk, has a flower at the top, is used to make bread, is a staple grain, is grown on a farm, is used to make flour, has gluten in it, 
Wide	large, oversized, off course, broad, more than necessary
Wide	a measument, a sign on the back of a trailor
Wide	Far apart, substantial 
Wide	large, heavy, big, massive, trucks
Wide	big, width, to be long, like a barn
Wide	long in the perpendicular sense of  height, wide-load, tends to be heavy, dimension
Wide	is long across
Wide	large, width, obesity, broad side
Wide	is used to describe the horizontal distance from point a to point b. 
Wide	thick 
Wide	wide load on the highway, football field
Wide	is big, describes an area
Wide	 Deep, hard to cross
Wide	lattitude, open, a field, far apart, has space in between, something 
Wide	In relation to something being skinny. Gaping is an extreme level of it. 
Wide	measurement, 
Wide	it has lots of distance, it describes rivers, it is a concept, it is big, it is hard to cross
Wide	large, fat, 
Wide	fat, big
Wide	
Wide	Describes physical characteristics of an object. Like length. Can be measured.
Wide	length, describes an open space or somthing that may fill a larger space
Wide	big, lengthy, spacious, open
Wide	large, space, big, room
Wide	more space, opposite direction as height, can increase or decrease
Wide	the opposite of narrow
Wide	fat, heavy, taking up an abnormal amount of horizontle space
Wide	larger lenghth wise than what could be considered normal, opposite of narrow
Wide	
Wide	 load, road, flag, truck, people
Wide	euphemism for a fat person, semis are wide loads, a lot of horizontal space
Wide	how far apart somthing is
Wide	distant, far reaching
Wide	Large in width, big, somethings round, the largest part of a circle can be wide, something you do with your mouth while at a dentist office.A whale is long and wide. 
Wide	big, spread, expanded, 
Wide	Wide refers to something that is exceptionally large, especially head on. Obese or overweight people are referred to. Often associated with "deep."
Wide	far apart
Wide	opposite of narrow, large, open, connotes distance or size
Wide	span acoss the width of an object, measurement, allows one to gain knowledge of what this object will fit in or what can be fit into the object, length x's width equals area
Wide	Opposite of narrow, a large space
Wide	describes length, is a measurement, opposite of narrow, has a big body, used as a description for semi trucks 
Wide	is an adjective used to describe something large in width, occupies a lot of horizontal space
Wide	Wide
Wide	big, gaps, huge, space
Wide	large, an area of sizeable space
Wide	fat, 
Wide	larger than normal. wont fit thru. oversized. size of trailer. moving equipment down the highway
Wide	vast, having great width, covering a large amount of space
Wide	fat, a river, no resistence 
Wide	broad, vast, a long distance between two things
Wide	broad, vast
Wide	fat, has a large circumference
Wide	large, bigger horizontally than vertically, "wide load" signs used on trucks that are too big to fit into one lane, often referred to as fat
Wide	large from the side, can describe the size of an object or even a person
Wide	describes a river, a person, hips, one of the dimensions of a rectangle
Wide	fat, football fields, mouth at a dentist, airport landing space
Wide	takes up a large space horizontally, not narrow
Wide	is the opposite of length, can be of different measurements, can be a form of measurement
Wide	vast, various
Wide	big, expand, broad.
Wide	opposite of narrow, big, open spaces, Montana, plains
Wide	spans a horizontal width, is used to describe width of an object, horizontal dimensions, architects use this to describe their house plans
Wide	something that has a larger withe than what it is being compared to
Wide	
Wide	is not narrow, is big, is broad, is expansive
Wide	open, a lot of room, the opposite of narrow.
Wide	load, fat, easy to acess, ocean
Wide	not a noun, an adjective or adverb, a description of measurement, 
Wide	not narrow, bigger than something its compared to
Wide	Gap. something thats girth is bigger than its height. distance from one side of a cliff to the other. A measurement.
Wide	load, far, space
Wide	large horizontally, girth, 
Wide	is big, is fat.
Wide	opposite of narrow; wide path versus the narrow; implies lots of use and relative ease; wide load when traveling on the highway
Wide	
Wide	big, wide loads on the highway, out of control
Wide	fat, car, roads, lines, width, measurement
Wide	big across
Wide	a large distance across something, a large distance batween something, something that has a large width
Wide	above average size
Wide	not narrow, rivers, 
Wind	Air, Scarlett O'Hara, storm, currents
Wind	natural, weather, windmills, sail power for a boat
Wind	Force of nature, can not be seen only the affects, can be pleasant or awful
Wind	blows, cold, hurts, destructive
Wind	blows, is cold, causes damage, can be loud, not good, used to fly kites
Wind	it blows, moving air, one of the four elements
Wind	is a part of weather, is measured in mph
Wind	cold, annoying, uncomfortable, distructive
Wind	is outside. it blows things. it is forceful. and can make the cold seem realllly cold. 
Wind	blows, moves the air, can feel it, can not see it, moves at miles per hour, the speed changes, comes in gusts
Wind	flies kites, powers windmills
Wind	feels cool, is blowing air , is outside
Wind	 Is cold, obnoxious, makes cold weather colder.
Wind	is air, movement of air, pressures of air moving
Wind	Moving smells and dust. Element of nature and weather. Can be strong or whimpy. Measured in knots or mph, adds to wind chill.
Wind	an element, cold, warm, blows air, 
Wind	it is invisible, you feel it outside, it is cold, it is warm, it is free, it cannot be controlled, it shakes leaves, it make tornados, it cools you off, it is part of the weather, it turn unbrellas inside out
Wind	moving air, blowing, 
Wind	is cold, is a type of weather, can move things, can blow at different speeds
Wind	
Wind	Air currents that affect weather. Can be used as an energy source. 
Wind	cold, may be destructive, may help in propagation of plants, forceful, can be steady or come in gusts
Wind	can be harnessed for energy, can cool people down or make them colder, can be good or bad
Wind	blowing, weather, montana, windmills
Wind	cold, whistling, causes trees to move, messes up hair, unwanted most of the time
Wind	blows your hair around outside
Wind	cool breeze, can be weak or strong, a wave of circulating air
Wind	natural movement of air from a high pressure system to a low pressure system, can be a light breeze, or a damaging gust, or anything in between
Wind	blows, is cold, can destroy
Wind	 hurricane, tornado, fast, whip, annoying, kite, freezing
Wind	blowing, can be fast, slow, used for sailing, involved in hurricanes, tornadoes, 
Wind	fast moving air
Wind	powerful, energy producer, peaceful. destructive
Wind	fast moving air that dries and cools the area. Often can make you cold
Wind	blowing air, kites, breeze, cooling, cold, wind chill, storm, blowing, 
Wind	Wind is air that is moving, and pushes on an individual.  It is harsh, breezy, cold, and associated with snow and rain. Chicago is particularly windy.
Wind	weather, santa anna, warm, cold, west, south, east, west, tornado, hurricane, energy
Wind	blows, air, is cold, can be a light breeze, can be a tornado, is weather, is caused by warm and cold air colliding
Wind	breeze, caused by trees, can be strong or light, can accompany a storm
Wind	air movement
Wind	in the weather forecast, main componet of hurricanes, tornados, and storms. can be slow or fast, can blow in different directions
Wind	is an element of weather, blows things around, main element of a tornado, cannot be seen
Wind	Wind
Wind	breeze, fan, blow away things such as leaves
Wind	act of nature, blows, can be harsh or calm, invisible, can be felt, cools things, is located outside
Wind	annoying, cold, difficult, weather
Wind	blows. gusts. tears off shingles. breaks trees. Livingston MT. four of them. chicago. low air pressure. sailing
Wind	moving air, turning a spring loaded mechanism
Wind	blows really hard, is annoying if it persists too long, brings us weather, jet streams, 
Wind	blowing,windmills,used to play instuments
Wind	weather, environment, storm, unpleasant
Wind	is annoying, can be strong, blows clouds across the sky, is a movement of air, cannot be seen but is felt
Wind	strong gusts, inconvenient, can't be seen, can be heard, can blow things over, can be strong or weak, can cause tornados
Wind	comes with storms, can cause house damage, can cause tornados, can come with hurricanes, can come with monsoons and seasonal changes, can affect driving
Wind	calm breeze, hurricane force of destruction, invisible, apparent through the actions
Wind	blowing, loud, causes havoc, weather pattern, monsoon
Wind	blows, could indicate a storm coming,nature, trasnports plant seeds
Wind	is natural, can be of different extremes, can create damage, can be cold, can see it by how it affects other things (such as trees)
Wind	weather, storm, high pressure system
Wind	breeze, annoying, storms, air, blows, chinook. 
Wind	fast, slow, destroying, annoying, energy
Wind	the movement of air, breezy, 
Wind	a weather feature, is the cause for changes in weather, can cause damage to other objects
Wind	
Wind	is a natural movement of air, is cold or warm, blows things around, can produce hurricanes
Wind	air movement caused by changing air pressure and temperature, also to turn something.
Wind	hurricane, tornado, breeze, weather, god, spirit, birds
Wind	the movement of air, can be destructive, can be refreshing, important process of nature, transports moisture, transports sediment, can be hot, can be cold, has varying speeds, energy that can be harnessed, used to make electricity, used to transport objects, 
Wind	may be calm and gentle or hard and feirce, has potential to do damage, ruins hair
Wind	It blows, is cold in the winter, messes up your hair, gets dust in your eyes, can blow over trees, sometimes blows out your campfire.
Wind	blow, cold, kite, air, oxygen
Wind	caused by temperature and pressure differentiation, the movement of warm air to cold air,
Wind	is soothing, is cold.
Wind	breeze; zephyr; hurricane; tornado; energy; cold; annoying; moves the trees; shakes the house; feel it on my skin; moves the clouds; can see the effects but not the thing; leeward and windward
Wind	
Wind	breez, always there, breeze 
Wind	strong, cold, open, hard, golf, coast
Wind	moving air; natural; unpleasant; destructive; cold
Wind	fast moving air, if strong enough can do damage to objects
Wind	cool, air movement
Wind	blows, is strong, is difference between hot and cold air, can come with a storm, can push things, can cool things off
Zoo	Houses animals, parklike, smells funny
Zoo	place were animals live. elephants, zebras, tigers, bears, a educational place
Zoo	Animals are kept in captive here to be viewed by humans
Zoo	place where an assortment of animals are kept, fun, cages, bears, snakes, penguins
Zoo	are where animals live, are big, are fun, are expensive to go to
Zoo	a place where animals are imprisoned, a variety of animals not charateristic to location
Zoo	
Zoo	lions, tigers, elephants, animals from the jungle, restriction, behind bars, small containment, happy and unhappy animals, lots of kids and families,monkeys
Zoo	is a place where they keep animals for peoples pleasure. giraffes, zebras, tigers, bears, turtles, alligators, sharks. is a place where you can go and see all of the wildlife that should be wild, but you don't have to pay to go search for them in their home and natural environment. 
Zoo	a place, houses exotic animals, where animals live, animals held in captivity, animals not seen everyday, people that work here must be animal friendly and intelligent, domesticated wild animals 
Zoo	animals, children, fun
Zoo	holds animals, has cages, smells bad, has plants, has water, has zookeepers, they are fun
Zoo	 Animals, people, candy stands
Zoo	a fun place, home for animals, protection of animals, caged animals, an attraction
Zoo	Where animals are housed. Elephants, giraffes, alligators. Snakes and gorillas. Destination for school field trips.
Zoo	exotic animals, little kids visit, stuffed animals, zoo keepers, people look through the glass, 
Zoo	it has animals, it is made of metal and cement, it is clean, it is used to protect, it is open to the public, it has employees, it is for kids, it is very large
Zoo	place for animals, large cage
Zoo	where animals can be viewed by people, kids like to go there
Zoo	
Zoo	A place where wild animals are kept so people can pay to see them. Elephants, giraffes, monkeys, and so on. 
Zoo	animals, rescue effort, studying, preservation of a species, display for children to enjoy
Zoo	animals, a place to go see animals, cages or fences to restrict animals and keep people away from them, rehabilitate animals, breed animals, children love them, trainers work there, 
Zoo	animals, little children, balloons, summer, walking, green grass, exotic
Zoo	fun place for children, shows animals in a natural environment, contains a variety of animal
Zoo	where animals are
Zoo	exhibits animals, consists of cages, allows people to see animals outside their natural habitat, ran by people, houses different kinds of animals
Zoo	a park where animals in captivity are exhibited for the entertainment and education of humans, usually must pay a fee to get in, many different types of animals
Zoo	many different animals, busy
Zoo	 people, town, animals, bars, giraffe, elephant, money, exotic
Zoo	where exotic animals are: lions, tigers, wolves, cheetahs, elephants, etc. often kept in cages, pens, sometimes kept in large areas (preserves) zoo animals in Madagascar 
Zoo	animals
Zoo	caged, unfair, saddening, not normal
Zoo	where animals are housed to be looked at and enjoyed, smelly, wild, many plants and trees around, cages and boxes around.  Noisy and happy
Zoo	animals, loud, smelly, kids, fences, poop, zoo keepers, elephants, tigers, exotic, fun, 
Zoo	A zoo is a place where exotic animals are kept. Some animals might include penguins, giraffes, elephants, deer, jaguars, lions, tigers, bears, seals, polar bears, parrots, peacocks, mountain lions, and flamingos.  Animals often live in cages or enclosures and are fed/taken care of by zookeepers.
Zoo	is a place, elephant, animals, rhino, polar bear, penguins, lions, tigers, smells, children, zoo keepers
Zoo	a place where exotic animals are kept, has cages, charges admission, is neat, has workers, is only in big cities, is sad, is educational
Zoo	description of chaous, location where a variety of animals can be found, animals found in cages, captivity, description word for "many"
Zoo	has many different animals, such as elephants, tigers, monkeys and giraffes. animals are kept in cages or fenced areas
Zoo	a place for many different animals, has bars and cages, 
Zoo	is a place, usually a tourist attraction where many animals are held in captivity in order for people to see them up close
Zoo	Zoo
Zoo	animals 2nd home, for research and observation of scientists and public
Zoo	location where exotic animals reside, showcase area for animals, wild animals reside there, contains different animal habitats
Zoo	animals, cages, africa, underwater, reptile, statues, food, jungle
Zoo	caged animals. san diego. there are giraffes. polar bears pacing. reptile cave. 
Zoo	a place where animals are kept to observe by the public, a chaotic event
Zoo	a place where animals arent happy, cages, misfortunes 
Zoo	strange and rare animals, a wild and crazy place, a prison for wild animals
Zoo	animals, amusement, unnatural, local attraction, entertainment, observation
Zoo	has animals, is a tourist attraction, is expensive, found in large cities, San Diego Zoo, monkeys and tigers, lots of exotic animals in cages
Zoo	houses many animals, people go to see and pet animals, large, smelly, outdoor, lots of people 
Zoo	holds animals in cages, lets public view exotic animals for price, helps to keep endangered animals alive, rescues many types of animals, has zookeepers
Zoo	animals collected from around the country or world, different types, enclosed or caged
Zoo	animals, costs money, ruins lives, pit of despair, fences surrounding
Zoo	animal viewing area, may have exotic animals
Zoo	is a location to visit animals, contains wild animals such as elephants and tigers, the animals can be dangerous, animals in zoos are not seen everyday and can be from different locations or countries
Zoo	unnatural, entertainment
Zoo	Animals, monkeys, kids, lions, tigers, hippos, walk around, Calgary Zoo.
Zoo	animals, zebra, giraffe, enjoyment
Zoo	place where exotic animals are kept
Zoo	a home for animals, used to protect animals and entertain humans
Zoo	
Zoo	is a place where animals are, is full of interesting animals, is a family place, is fun, has different animal habitats
Zoo	animal prison. place where bad animals go to be punished. a place where animals are stored to be studied and viewed. also a clothing line "Zoo York"
Zoo	animals, cages, elephants, monkeys, snakes, field trip.
Zoo	a collection of animals, a display of confined animals, 
Zoo	exotic animals are kept here, many people come to see
Zoo	Zebra, a place where many different animals are kept for the public to see, giraffe, penguins, 
Zoo	animals, crazy, africa, different countries, states
Zoo	place full of animals not native to the region, home of different species
Zoo	is fun, has lots of animals, 
Zoo	smells like animals and poop; busy; lots of people; cages versus nice habitats; shows with the animals; petting zoo; paying to see nature
Zoo	
Zoo	place for animals, people hangout there, childhood trips
Zoo	animals, crazy, people, cities, fun, long, big
Zoo	a place where wild animals are kept so that people can visit and look at them
Zoo	a confined place where they have animals, a place when people can see differnt kinds of animals, 
Zoo	exotic animals, animals in cages, run by zoo keepers, holds animals
Zoo	is a place wheer animals are kept, is sad, has cages
