Australia	A place i want to go where kangaroos are, and you can snorkle in the great barrier reef.  
Australia	is its own continent, also a country, speaks English for the most part, and indigenous human population, settled by England, was a colony at one point, filled with many dangerous animal species, also has very different animal species. 
Australia	kangaroos, hot boys with accents, beautiful
Australia	is a country. sydney. different accents. barrier reef. the ocean. 
Australia	kangaroo's, a country, somewhere hot, a place you don't hear a lot about.
Australia	Kangaroos, Accents, Warm, Sand
Australia	is a country, is a movie, it has kangaroo, is sunny, is pretty
Australia	a place, a continent, full of people, some of the people in Australia have accents, contains the outback, cattle drives,
Australia	one of the 7 continents. Located in the pacific ocean under Asia. Full of culture that is different from others.
Australia	A continent, has coral reefs, has kangaroos, the people speak english with an accent, nice weather.
Australia	foreign country,
Australia	kangaroos, koala bears, Fosters, down under, outback, desert, 
Australia	"Land down under", kangaroos, continent and country, island,
Australia	country, continent, hot, far, dingos, rugby, big
Australia	a country, kangaroos, sydney, finding nemo
Australia	is a country, is down south, near New Zealand, has kangaroos, warm, never in wars
Australia	place, continent, culture, people, contraversial, 
Australia	continent
Australia	warm climate, foreign, different continent, different government, 
Australia	a continent, the last continent to be majorly habituated. the most sparsely habituated continent. is located in the southern hemisphere. is home of a lot of species differentiation 
Australia	kangaroos, heat, sharks, surf, wildlife, Sydney
Australia	dingos, kangaroos, down under, island, south of japan, boomerang.
Australia	accents, kangaroos, kowala bears, beach, sand, sydney, olympics, ocean, desert, 
Australia	A county and also a continent. Often pairs with exodic animals. 
Australia	a country and continent
Australia	Country, Sydney, Opera House, Animals, Kangaroos, Koalas, Dingos, Outback, Mate, Good day, Accents, Finding Nemo
Australia	has kangaroos, has poisonous snakes, has poisonous spiders, has crocodile Dundee, has Aborigine's, is surrounded by water, used to belong to England, capitol is Sydney,  
Australia	continent 
Australia	a country, a continent, wildlife, the down under
Australia	Outback, continent, kangaroos, Sidney, Finding Nemo, land mass, Some of the best natural rock climbing in the world, Island, Steve Erwin, 
Australia	kangaroos, dessert, safari, offroading, jeeps, conservation, continent, country, outback, down under,
Australia	is a country, is a continent, is at the bottom of a globe, is near the south pole, contains kangaroos, countains the city Sydney, Australian accent
Australia	is a continent, in the southern hemisphere, has dangerous creatures, big cities and the outback, high temperatures, by the great barrier reef, good vacation spot, wild kangaroos, looks like a huge island
Australia	kangaroosout of country
Australia	country, lots of animals, accents, adventures, 
Australia	Safari
Australia	country, southern hemisphere, near Asia, contains exotic wildlife, has its own accent and opera house.
Australia	country full of people, displays vacations, different lifestyles
Australia	country, continent, called the outback, home of exotic animals, has a warm climate, has very few churches, used as a place to ship criminals
Australia	is a continent, kangaroos and kolar bears live there, austrailian accents, capital is Sydney, it is hot there, surrounded by an ocean
Australia	is a continent, located far away from the U.S.
Australia	country, continent, kangaroo, accent
Australia	town of Sydney, lots of wildlife, desert, kangaroos, it is a continent
Australia	continent, country, kangaroos, rugby, outback, open space, Sydney
Australia	Kangaroos, warm climate, accents, beaches
Australia	land of sunshine and sharks. Home to SAXTON HALE! is where my friend jeremy is, is where most of NEMO takes place, is frull of cool accents, is on the freakin opposite side of the world
Australia	a continent and country, south of asia, some of the most dangerous animals live there, exotic animals, safari rides, deserts, sydney opera house, cool accents, steve irwin, 
Australia	is a continent, has opposite seasons, has kangaroos,  
Australia	kangaroos, liam hemsworth, accents, outback, sunny, different animals, 
Australia	a continent. known for it's animals, kangaroos.
Australia	Is a country, it's located in southern hemisphere
Australia	kangaroos, accent, reefs, beer, down under
Australia	lots of trees, kangaroos, is very spacious, not very populated, amazing vacation spot
Australia	country, kangaroos, beaches, backwards flushing toilets, steve irwin, koala bears 
Australia	continent, exotic animals
Australia	kangaroos, koala bears
Australia	kangroo, island, koala bear, desert 
Australia	a country,kangaroos, great accents, beautiful surroundings, waterfalls, mountains, clear water
Australia	a country south of Asia; a small country; a lot of snakes and endangered animals; cool accents
Australia	continent, koala bears, kangaroos, outback , great white sharks,   
Australia	Country on its own continent. Home of kangaroos, koala bears, and platypusses. Warm climate. 
Australia	is a country in the south hemisphere, capitol is Sydney, held the olympics there, great travel destination
Australia	is an island, is a country, is where kangaroos live, is nicknamed the "down under", is populated by aborigonals, is the name of a movie, is where the Sydney Opera House is, boomarangs, starts with an A, 
Australia	only country and contient located in the south part of earth below asia
Australia	Down under, snake, heat
Australia	country, kangaroo, sydney, 
Australia	country, accent, kangaroos, south of the equator
Australia	South, funny accents, outback steakhouse, kangaroos, koalas, sydney, finding nemo, beaches, opera house, "down under", tasmania.
Australia	accents, kangaroos, water, hot men, down under, island, many exotic animals, surfing
Australia	country, pretty, kangaroos, Great Barrior Reef
Australia	
Australia	steve irwin, crikey, down under, kangaroos, beautiful scenery,  
Blood	A positive/neg., B positive/neg. O pos/neg
Blood	delivers oxygen to body cells, contains iron, red in color, needed at hospitals, sign of an injury.
Blood	red, gross, makes me queasy, essential for life
Blood	runs through every human being and animal. red. veins. needles. needed for survival. vampires. a gang. 
Blood	Somethng that every life form has, a very powerful part of medicine, needed for the body to survive, is red, drawn by needles, can tell doctors and nurses a lot about you. 
Blood	Gross, Scary, Messy, Band aids, Doctors, Shots
Blood	is a red liquid that runs inside our body
Blood	is red, inside people and animals, they need it to survive, carries oxygen throughout the body, runs thorugh veins, different types of blood, can be used to refer to a relative, for example: they are my blood
Blood	is used to carry oxygen to parts of are body. Blue on the inside, red on the outside.
Blood	Bodily fluid that contains platelets, has an average pH of 7.4, what comes out of the body after an injury or surgery
Blood	substance that runs through our veins
Blood	type O, Type A, Type B, red, liquid, necessary for life, 
Blood	In all animals, red, copper, metallic, vary in types, scientifically significant, blue, veins, wound, cut, pain, 
Blood	gross, animals, blue, red
Blood	red, in your body, necessary, gross
Blood	is in our bodies, is red, has white and red blood cells, need it to live
Blood	life, red, thick, flows through your veins, replinishable, cells, antibodies, immune system
Blood	body fluid
Blood	flows through veins, vital to life, white and red blood cells, heart pumps blood to lungs and other parts of body, is vital in all living organisms
Blood	bodily fluid. dna. carries oxygen to the body
Blood	0 positive, saving lives, community, duty, almost universal, needles, fear, perseverance 
Blood	vampires, hospitals, someone who gets a cut, the color red, thick, in your body.
Blood	red, cut, types, science, cells, white blood cells, red blood cells, accident
Blood	is a bodily fulid that flows through vains. It is important to have enough to live.
Blood	runs through veins and arteries, flows through the body, if a person doesn't have enough they die
Blood	in body, scary movies, cuts, scrapes, band aids, falling, killing, hurt, heart, surgery, transplant 
Blood	is red, is wet, is mostly water, stains, shot, thirsty, donation, cells, hound
Blood	runny , thin, quick flowing
Blood	gives life, a tissue, red, liquid,
Blood	red, fluid, hurt, every living being, bleed, needed for life
Blood	need it to live, red, oxygen, plasma, donating blood, needles, hospitals, transplants, heart, veins, arteries, anatomy, exercise, blood movement,
Blood	is red, is donated, is blue inside the body, is two different shades of red, is pumped by the heart, correlates with lacerations, can be used to provoke fear, can be edible, feels warm, is in a liquid state, comes from the body, carries oxygen
Blood	red liquid, every human and animal has it, need it to survive, goes through veins and arteries, heart pumps it to the whole body, comes out if you are cut, can carry viruses in it, part of the circulation system, 
Blood	blood drivehalloweenaccidents
Blood	is wet, in the body, is red, has oxygen, is needed in the body
Blood	Gross
Blood	liquid that courses through our veins, can be red or blue depending on how much oxygen has reached it, the heart pumps it, it is sticky.
Blood	flows throughout the veins of living creatures, seen in horror films to display terror, usually something you don't want to see outside of your body
Blood	found in body, carry oxygen and nutrients to cells of body, come out when sick or injured, is in constant motion, is red, keeps bodies moving and alive, can be donated or recived,
Blood	is from your body, is red, is warm, comes with a wound, can save lives, needles are used, in bodies, woozy feeling to see
Blood	is in every human being, is used to scare people in movies and during halloween, is transferred from one person to another
Blood	red, clot, cells, type, oxygen
Blood	life, red, sticky, crime scenes
Blood	red, moves nutrients through your body 
Blood	Red, different types : A,B,AB,O, 55% plasma
Blood	is red, has red blood cells, has plasma, is in all of us.
Blood	found in the bodies of animals, circulates through body by a system of ateries capallaries, and veins, pumped by heart of body, carries oxygen and nutrients to body parts, and waste back to lungs, dark red in color, different types depending on genetics for ex o negative
Blood	red when hitting oxygen, purple in the blood stream, red and white cells, AIDS, is necessary, type O, type A, type B, type AB, murder 
Blood	red, type, get it drawn, halloween, ketchup, hurt, 
Blood	the substance that runs through your plains. there are different types, you can donate it.
Blood	Is red, is a liquid, flows through vein and arteries, present in all humans and animals, carries oxygen to and carries carbon dioxide from tissues of the body, is necessary for to stay alive
Blood	red, plasma, veins, IV's, bleeding
Blood	red, smells bad, tastes like metal, gross
Blood	red, smelly, coagulate, metallic  
Blood	in your body, goes through the heart, saves lives, makes some people sick, can have deseases
Blood	red, gory,veins
Blood	red viens moves oxygen 
Blood	medicine, doctors, hospitals, cuts, red
Blood	people need it to survive; grosses some people out; is red; is sick; is salty; reminds me of vampires; humans and animals have it
Blood	red, blood-drive, donation, red cross, bleeding,
Blood	red. runs through veins. bad to loose too much of it. A, AB, B, O. 
Blood	in our bodies, different types, can be donated, 
Blood	a sticky red liquid that flows through your veins, carries oxygen and other neutrients through the body, is a life support, is generated through bone marrow, is something you share with your family members, is something that vampires drink, contains a lot of iron which gives it its red color
Blood	red liquid that flows through your body
Blood	life
Blood	red, skin, sticky, gushing, 
Blood	red, essential to life, runs in our veins and to our heart
Blood	Blood pressure, red, band-aids, vampires, injuries, stitches, messy, scary, life threatening. 
Blood	red, blue, helps us live, given to other people, easy to give, runs through our whole body
Blood	red, cells, in body, living
Blood	
Blood	red, veins, heart, gang, 
Can'T	You can not do something.
Can'T	impossible, unable to complete.
Can'T	fail, give up, struggle
Can'T	uncapable of doing something. a negetive viewpoint of your capabilities. resiliant to complete a task. 
Can'T	is a contraction, the t is ranomly capitalized, is a negative word is some instances, for example I can't. 
Can'T	Giving up, Not trying, Impossible
Can'T	the prohibition to do something, do not allow
Can'T	to not be able to do something
Can'T	Unable to do something. Maybe cannot do it physically or mentally
Can'T	Opposite of being able to do something, sometimes seen as synonymous with failure.
Can'T	cannot, unable to
Can'T	not able to, not possible, hard to do, difficult task
Can'T	Negative, contraction, cannot,
Can'T	container, water, desert, soldiers, hikers
Can'T	when you are not able to do something
Can'T	cannot, not capable, doesn't want to, will not do it, 
Can'T	a term of failure, self doubt, growth, state.of mind
Can'T	unable
Can'T	not able to do, disbelief, negativity, impossivle, created by a sense of low confidence, not looking positively, 
Can'T	a conjunction, of can not. away from motivation. its negative. it implies a lack of belief. can't is too absolute
Can'T	what you can not do, some thing illegal, something not physically mentally or emotionally possible
Can'T	A conjunction, short way to say cannot, someone who quites says "can't", someone giving up.
Can'T	contraction, cannot, negative connotation,
Can'T	A statement that implys one is not capable of doing something. 
Can'T	cannot, opposite of can
Can'T	not able to, not allowed to, never
Can'T	sleep, work, find love, do homework, stay busy, find a job, get to class on time, find stuff to do, hang with my friends, grow a full beard, do laundry
Can'T	you are not willing and able to try 
Can'T	not able to do something, not allowed, anything with the word not
Can'T	can not, unwilling, not wanting to, not motivated, not confident, 
Can'T	can not, impossible, never, not able, negative,
Can'T	cannot, unable to perform a task, impossible, inplausible
Can'T	you are either unable to do something or you don't want to do it, not possible, 
Can'T	can not donot trying
Can'T	is a word, has two words put together, comes from can not,
Can'T	Unwilling
Can'T	a contraction, it means can not, important to remember apostrophe before the t but after the n, used by people who whine.
Can'T	Being able to not do something, thinking you cannot do something, giving up
Can'T	unsure
Can'T	to think its impossible, unwilling to try, not capable of something, combined word of can not
Can'T	unable to do a performed task, such as eat, drink, run, walk, see, hear, touch
Can'T	unable, not, word
Can'T	cannot, people who do not believe in themselves say this, 
Can'T	cannot, never say the word
Can'T	can not, not being able
Can'T	can not, can't, canned tuna, won't, wouldn't, shoulda woulda coulda, i really wish i could but I ____
Can'T	not able to do, a phrase people in today's society look down upon
Can'T	given up, impossible, too challenging, 
Can'T	cannot, unable to do something, not possible, 
Can'T	being unable to do something.
Can'T	being unable to do something, is a contraction of cannot
Can'T	negative connotation, does not work, won't be able to
Can'T	opposite of can, not positive thinking, glass half empty
Can'T	a word i dont use much, can not, not acceptable 
Can'T	will not do, unable to do by choice, told not to
Can'T	negative, no, debby downer,
Can'T	a short way of saying can not, the ability not to do something 
Can'T	Can not, failure, no motivation, not willing to do something, not able to do something
Can'T	is the "t" suppose to be capitalized?can not; not able to do
Can'T	don't, not allowed, 
Can'T	inability to do something. "can not".
Can'T	Said when people give up, when they don't look for other ways around, lazy
Can'T	no ability to accomplish something, a contraction for I cannot, is a word
Can'T	not willing to or unable
Can'T	No, none, stop
Can'T	depressed, discouraged
Can'T	contraction, usually negative in meaning, describing what won't happen or isn't possible
Can'T	Won't, excuses, cannot, unwilling, pity party, a state of mind, mental toughness, willing to do something new.
Can'T	unaccomplished, down and out 
Can'T	unable, impossible
Can'T	
Can'T	cannot, not being able to do something
Chance	You get so many chances to do something right.
Chance	good possibility, or luck, 
Chance	random, lucky, fate
Chance	is the opportunity to do something. a boy's name. if you get it, take it. taking a leap. 
Chance	Fate, doesn't happen easily, requires luck, is a gambel.
Chance	Rare, Lucky, 50/50
Chance	is an opportunity
Chance	an oppertunity to do something, can be missed or taken advantage of, seen as a positive thing
Chance	Basically a Risk. Doing something without knowing the consequence.
Chance	The ability to try something
Chance	statistical propability of something happening
Chance	oppurtunity, risk, possibility, danger, excitment, adrenaline
Chance	Luck, coin-toss, happenstance, card games, gambling,
Chance	luck, name
Chance	a card in the game monopoly, some don't believe in second chances
Chance	is when you're lucky, is random, does not usually happen
Chance	choice, right place at the right time, encounter, relivance, once in a lifetime
Chance	oppurtunity
Chance	possiblity, percentage of something occuring, heads or tails, risks, occurence, misfortune
Chance	an opportunity. ie give him a chance. a risk
Chance	a possibility, monopoly cards, lottery 
Chance	a second chance after you mess up, an opportunity to do something, luck.
Chance	do something right, ability to do something, try
Chance	The probility that something will happen. The weather is described by the chance of rain or shine. 
Chance	the luck ofthe draw, to not know what the end result is
Chance	luck, gambling, odds, casino, Vegas
Chance	
Chance	to do over
Chance	doing something at the risk of bad outcom
Chance	attempt, ratio, game, 
Chance	probability, gambling, percentages, risk, 
Chance	is accidental, may not be given, is a risk
Chance	you are taking a gamble, you don't know what the outcome will be, like a game or a bet, a positive or negative outcome could happen, wasn't expected, 
Chance	jobs
Chance	is opportunity, is lucky, is a name, 
Chance	Checkers
Chance	an opportunity, a hope for fruition of an idea or to do something, regarded as luck in some games.
Chance	is usually related to gambling, can make someone do a Fight or Flight situation, being a daredevil
Chance	used in gambling, a space in monopoly, associated with winning and losing
Chance	is in the lottery, can be a risk, at the casino
Chance	a one time opportunity,
Chance	opportunity, option
Chance	challenges
Chance	opportunity
Chance	determined by probability,
Chance	taken, is something that I'm not good at, is a card in monopoly, can be good or bad its 50/50 a lot, is a name I'd only give to a gay guy. 
Chance	the act of doing something with risk involved, you do not know the outcome of the action, could be good or bad. ex gambling
Chance	to take risks, to give someone another try, to help them get better
Chance	take it, don't mess up, getting the opportunity for something
Chance	oppertunity. 
Chance	The possibility of something
Chance	risk, no control
Chance	probability, might happen, if positive it can happen, luck not skill
Chance	starting again, getting to do things
Chance	an oppurtunity to do something over
Chance	good, another try
Chance	gamble on somthing to take a chance
Chance	lottery, gambling, it might happen, Monopoly
Chance	life; rolling the dice; a dog's name in a movie
Chance	second chance, 
Chance	opportunity. often only comes by once. 
Chance	can be luck, is something that happens everyday with people we run into or things that are said, can be a redemption
Chance	a name, a type of card in the game of monoply, green, probablity
Chance	give someone an opportunity
Chance	luck, gamble
Chance	boyfriend/girlfriend, grades, college
Chance	opportunity, luck, fortune, probability
Chance	Dice, risks, gambling, money, probability, las vegas, addiction, winning, losing, poor, rich. 
Chance	what you get in life, not always fair
Chance	ability to do something, use this with luck
Chance	
Chance	taking a risk, game
Chemistry	A science subject that includes the elements.  Or you could have chemistry with someone.
Chemistry	science, chemical properties, useful for society, always evolving, used everyday, difficult to understand at times.
Chemistry	connection with someone, scientists, difficult class. 
Chemistry	is a field of research. lab. science. chemicals. experiments. intense. 
Chemistry	a type of science, where you use chemical compunds, and elements, 
Chemistry	Romance, Hard, Sexes, Elements, Confusing, Explosions
Chemistry	is a school course, is a good relationship between two or more people and animals
Chemistry	an area of study, scientists focus on this area of study, deals with combination of chemicals, has beakers and other scientific instruments, deals with elements and howt hey relate to each other and how they are made up, can be studied in college after being studied in high school, students who are good at this science are often considered smart
Chemistry	Chemicals, labs, learned in classroom
Chemistry	They way things interact/react together and inevitably make life possible.
Chemistry	science, measuring scientific properties
Chemistry	hard, complicated, numbers, math, periodic table of elements, beakers, experiments, heat, toxins, liquid, gas, steam
Chemistry	Science, difficult, test tubes, beakers, 
Chemistry	science, attraction
Chemistry	a subject in schooling, a hard subject, can describe relationship between two people
Chemistry	is a subject, is a science, studies chemicals, is difficult
Chemistry	a science, alchemy, school, building blocks of life, advanced thinking
Chemistry	science
Chemistry	study, college class, chemicals, atoms, bonds between chemicals, study for engineers
Chemistry	a hard science, of how things are combineda combination of people
Chemistry	bonds, molecular, ionic, composition, chemicals, dangerous, test tubes, burners, gas, metals, solids, liquids
Chemistry	chemicals, periodic table, atomic number and atomic mass, beakers, bunsen burners, equations.
Chemistry	science, periodic table, elements, electrons, protons, neutrons, experiments, tests, labs,
Chemistry	a type of science that studys various areas such as atoms and particles. 
Chemistry	a science class, used to see the reactions of different things being combined
Chemistry	science, mixing chemicals, connecting with someone
Chemistry	equation, experiment, class, lecture, course, help, 
Chemistry	connection between to people
Chemistry	science, experimenting, doing things well together
Chemistry	science, chemicals, chemists, elements, 
Chemistry	school, hard, never use it in my life, hated the teacher, math, science, equations, chemicals, atoms, waste of time
Chemistry	is a subject, is a major, deals with science, involves experiments, is a feeling or connection with someone
Chemistry	type of science, how different elements react with each other and what that can produce, uses beakers and dangerous chemicals, hard to do, need knowledge of periodic table, involves different calculations and measurements. 
Chemistry	boringchemicalsprofessors
Chemistry	numbers, uses chemicals, is a science, a class in school
Chemistry	Hard
Chemistry	a branch of science, focuses on elemental properties, uses moles as conversion units.
Chemistry	difficult to learn, everything is made of chemistry, can be used to make meth, displayed in mad scientist movies
Chemistry	a type of attachment to another, working well with another, a branch of science, came from alchemy, studies elements and molecure make up of objects, subject in school
Chemistry	is science, laboratory, math problems, bubbles and experiments, relationships, working together, good bonding
Chemistry	includes the periodic table of elements, uses different gases, is used in a laboratory
Chemistry	subject, science, chemicals
Chemistry	chemicals, organic, acid, bases, mathematical
Chemistry	tough stuff, study of atoms and their chemical property
Chemistry	the reactions of elements
Chemistry	pain in the butt, something that people say they have when they get along well, like alchemy but not as cool, mad scientists, the name given to the science of mixing stuff, cooking, baking, lab coats
Chemistry	a type of science, math based, includes periodic table, difficult
Chemistry	is love, is complex, is hard to pass, is organic, 
Chemistry	boring class, chemicals, elements table, science, tubes, labs, experiments, goggles
Chemistry	a science elective where you mix chemicals.
Chemistry	Is an area of science, study of chemical reactions
Chemistry	impossible, difficult, dislike, not majoring in this subject
Chemistry	stupid, lots of words and symbols, not used in everyday life, mandatory college class
Chemistry	science, elements, atoms, math
Chemistry	science, hard, boring,
Chemistry	science, love, periodic table, chemicals
Chemistry	learning chemical, the feeling between two peolpe
Chemistry	science, chemicals, flamible, equations, experiments
Chemistry	a really hard subject; chemical equations; elements; formulas; chemicals; bunsen burners
Chemistry	science, chemicals
Chemistry	science. moles. balancing equasions. experiments, explosions, fire.
Chemistry	periodic table, tough class, great science concept, leads to many advancements in the world
Chemistry	is a form of science, is also when two people connect, is when you use chemicals, there are tubes involved, sometimes heat is involved
Chemistry	study of chemicals
Chemistry	nice
Chemistry	Smart, love, chemicals, experiements, class, flask, burning, periodic table
Chemistry	chemicals, science, lab coats, difficult, confusing
Chemistry	Science, boring, pH levels, chemicals, school, periodic table, memorizing, a major, doctors. 
Chemistry	hard, math, chemicals, periodic table
Chemistry	confusing, makes up everything, science, equations, bonds, atoms
Chemistry	
Chemistry	science, formulas, periodic table
Circle	360 Degrees
Circle	comes around to the beginning, geometric shape, 3.14, very common shape in society, letter "O", number 0, cyclical.
Circle	round, never ends
Circle	round. shape. neverending. ring. symbolic to life. babies play with toys shaped like this. 
Circle	something that is complete, something that is every lasting and doesn't break easily. A shape. A ring. A shape that has no sides, represent a lot of different things like marriage, a family, a work group..etc.
Circle	Earth, Pie, Square, Confusion, No end
Circle	is a geometric shape, could be a ring, an area, an arc, a hoop
Circle	a round shape with no ends, used symbolically with themes such as unending life
Circle	a Shape, round.
Circle	A shape with no corners
Circle	round, never ending, pie
Circle	round, continuous, never ending, 
Circle	No sides, shape, round,
Circle	shape, math, wheels
Circle	a shape
Circle	a round object, drawn without lifting pencil, makes faces
Circle	geometry, perfect, art, evolution, the wheel, inovation
Circle	round
Circle	360 degrees, equal, no sides, non rectanglar, round, sphere, full turn, globe
Circle	is a ring. to come full circle, a circle of trust. round. a two dimensional sphere. 
Circle	ball, geometry, degrees, 360, circumference, pie, diameter, math
Circle	basketball, baseball, volleyball, golf ball, tires, doughnuts, frisbee, steering wheel, sun glasses.
Circle	shape, round, o, 
Circle	A shape with no points. The most common shape to not be drawn perfectly.
Circle	is a shape, is round, has no edges or gaps, used in designs and art
Circle	shape, no corners, pizza, pie, math, geometry, trigonometry, coins
Circle	sun, perfect, the planet eart, the moon, tires, wheels, eyes, heads, of life, shape, the number zero, 
Circle	shapes, never ending
Circle	round, a shape, hole
Circle	shape, no corners, continuous, perfect, impossible
Circle	shape, circus, O, geometry, ball, round, hoop, running in circles, lost, 
Circle	a shape, is round, edges are equal distance from the center, has a circumference, a ring
Circle	a shape, doesn't have any corners, round, like a sphere, represents some thing never ending, associated with wheels and hoops, has a circumference and diameter, has to be perfectly round, 
Circle	SquareBall
Circle	never ending, has no corners, looks like a ring,
Circle	Round
Circle	shape, round, symmetrical, has circumference and diameter and therefore a radius, pi is involved to calculate area.
Circle	is a shape, used in math, used to describe other objects
Circle	perfect, 360 degree turn, loops around to begining, 2D shape, has a diameter and radious, used in many logos and advertisments.
Circle	is round, no edges or corners, can be a pie chart, very basic shape of many things, can make you dizzy
Circle	is the shape of a basketball, is 360 degrees, has no corners
Circle	round, bubble, square
Circle	never ending, pi
Circle	geometric shape, wheel, one line
Circle	is never ending and perfect mathematically and if you stack many on top of each other you have a spiral
Circle	is round, has no sides, makes a good clock, makes a good wheel, is something google + uses, something used to describe a group of friends. 
Circle	round, no lines, 2-demensional sphere, can be seen on many objects for ex. bottom of cylinder can
Circle	is endless, polka dot, is used in math, in formations of groups, 
Circle	shape, no corners or edges, big or small, round, 
Circle	it's a shape.round. all dimensions are equal.
Circle	Is a shape, is round
Circle	perfect, round, common, used in everyday life, seen everywhere
Circle	round, holds lots on information, empty, white
Circle	round, different sizes, seen on just about everything
Circle	360 degrees, turning, shapes
Circle	line that connects in a round shape, geometry, 
Circle	round, hole an object 
Circle	shape, round, ball
Circle	a shape with no edges or corners; difficult for most people to draw
Circle	round, button
Circle	2D sphere. oval with equal edges all around. has one radius and one diameter. often the shape of clocks, mirrors.
Circle	is a ring, never ending, is our planet and its rotation
Circle	are round, can form the rings of a circus, is the shape of a ring, is the 2 demensional shape of a ball, is the shape of a coin, has no angles or sides, has a diameter, has a radiaus, the area is pi x r^2, is a geometric shape.
Circle	360 degrees 
Circle	infinite
Circle	round, ball, oranges
Circle	a ring-like object, sphereical, no end or beginning
Circle	Circle of friends, shapes, squares, donuts, onion rings, bologna, "what goes around comes around", the circle of life. 
Circle	round, can roll, never ending
Circle	shape, never ending, letter o
Circle	
Circle	ball, street, shape
Directions	My moms really good at giving directions to get somewhere.
Directions	route, plan, path, orders, something to follow or be obeyed.
Directions	instructions, must be followed, help guide
Directions	How to get somewhere. landmarks. buildings. road signs. road trips. following a map. getting lost. 
Directions	Steps to complete a task, things that you should read before you do something, can help improve your knowledge on something, can keep you from being harmed, is important when conducting an experiment or guiding a group of people.
Directions	Confusing, Lost, Log, GPS
Directions	explanations, instructions, used to build something
Directions	show where to go, can be found on the computer or given by one person to another, can be on a map or written out in words
Directions	Something that directs you how to build, do something. Ex. Directions for putting legos together
Directions	navigating to a destination, north south east west, instructions on how to complete something
Directions	set of information to get you somewhere specific
Directions	north, east, west, south, areas, ways to go, how to places, TomTom, driving
Directions	Maps, driving, traveling, roads, vacations,
Directions	north, south, east, west, compass
Directions	used to help people find destinations, north, south, east, and west, men don't want to ask for
Directions	is how you get somewhere, can get them online or from other people, very useful
Directions	are on a map, used to navigate, a system of instructions
Directions	instuctions
Directions	map, keys to destination, certain route to take, guidance, order, command, set of guidelines, rules to be considered
Directions	guidelines 
Directions	bad, confusing, silly, wrong turn
Directions	need to know where to go, got lost, in new town, clues, helping, guide.
Directions	instructions, right, left, up, down, North, South, East, West, used to get places, map, GPS, 
Directions	Directions are a set of rules; a list. People give driving directions for someone else to get from point A to B. 
Directions	step by step infromation which leads reader to a certain place
Directions	GPS, maps, map quest, destination, vacation, traveling, driving, walking, biking, compass
Directions	you must follow, get you to where you want to be, help you find places, are vague, are distinct, dont help you always get where you want, are important
Directions	how understand to get somewhere
Directions	how to get somewhere
Directions	how to get somewhere, what to do, step by step what to do
Directions	map, compass, north, south, east, west, trails, woods, lost, traveling, road trip
Directions	are a way of getting from point A to point B in a fast manner, can be written, can be typed, can be spoken, are helpful, signal turns, can be descrubes as north, south, east, or west
Directions	steps to how to get to a certain place or how to do something, used when you don't know the rights steps, very helpful but sometimes hard to understand.
Directions	DrivingMenLostTrip
Directions	has turns, has a destination,has a beginning,
Directions	Maps
Directions	set of instructions, usually involves roads but can involve any path from point A to point B, can also mean something a superior tells someone to do.
Directions	leads you to the right destination, get lost, asking for help
Directions	written down, printed off, read from manual of guide, help fulfill a task, expected to be accurate, expected to be followed, come with new items
Directions	use a map, way to find something or someone, usually helpful, listen carefully, north, south, east, west, use a compass
Directions	how to get to a place, used when traveling, inlcude north, west, south, and east
Directions	map, left, right, compass
Directions	lost, going somewhere new, a new horizon
Directions	map, location, compass, tells you how to get somewhere
Directions	something you should follow if you want to succeed
Directions	something I'm bad with
Directions	north south east or west, communication of how to get from point a to point b, long or short distances, descriptive
Directions	can be confusing, left, right, down, up, north, south, west, east, miles, kilometers,
Directions	how to get somewhere, very helpful, how to do something, 
Directions	instruction on how to get somewhere.
Directions	Instructions of how to get somewhere or do something, course along which something moves, 
Directions	lost, GPS, mapquest, map, street signs
Directions	map, lines, numbers, how to get somewhere, usually bad, need to know streets
Directions	what to do, where to go
Directions	from point A to point B, going somewhere, driving, exploring
Directions	north, south, east, west
Directions	to get to one place or another , mapes 
Directions	Right and Left, street lights, cars, maps, traveling, stop signs, GPS
Directions	some people are good at giving them, some are not; a path or route to get somewhere; best directions are usually the quickest or prettiest
Directions	where to go, how to get there, roadtrip
Directions	information on how to get from one place to another.
Directions	using a map, being lost, trying to find how to get somewhere, what gps is made for
Directions	words that tell you how to get somewhere, north south east and west, up and down, side to side, forward and backward, words that tell you how to do something, can be lengthy, can be complicated
Directions	follwing written or oral instructions
Directions	boring
Directions	map, road signs, highway, compass
Directions	a line with reference to a point, tells someone how to get to a certain place
Directions	Map quest, driving, pulling over, gas stations, maps, getting lost, wrong directions, frustrating, hard to read. 
Directions	help you get somewhere, hard to give, not always reliable
Directions	left, right, up,d own
Directions	
Directions	north, south, east, west, northeast, southeast, northwest, southwest, left, right, straight, uturn, yield, 
Drunk	Not really sure of what ur doing
Drunk	overindulge, drink too much, lush, party, weekend, fun.
Drunk	is fun, crazy, wild
Drunk	alcohol consumption. illegal if under the age of 21. makes you dizzy. some throw up. alcohol poisoning. party. college. police officers. 
Drunk	a point of not knowing what you are doing, something that can cause harm to yourself or others, is never okay to do while driving, can cause your judgement to be off, and change the values and morals you hold dearly. 
Drunk	Sloppy, Bad decisions, Fun, Crazy, Drinks, Intoxication
Drunk	excess of acohol, is a feeling, it can be bad, a sensation of disconfort, dizziness
Drunk	to be intoxicated by alcohol, can be used to refer to love, for example: love drunk, people can be drunk, it affects your ability to make rational decisions
Drunk	intoxicated, not stable, vomits, not aware of surroundings. 
Drunk	Having too much of something such as being drunk from alcohol or "love drunk"
Drunk	intoxicated, fun, alcohol
Drunk	alcohol, beer, vodku, shot glasses, bars, drunk people, throwing up!
Drunk	Alcohol, parties, slurring, stumbling, loud, driving, texting, calling, 
Drunk	silly, stupid, beer, wine, party, hangover
Drunk	impaired, belligerent, out of control, college, 
Drunk	when you have too much alcohol to drink, tipsy, falling over, blackouts, more outgoing, loud
Drunk	A state of mind, a drink, intoxicant, a mood changer,
Drunk	intoxicated
Drunk	out of normal state of mind, overconsumption of alcohol, gulp, chug, to wash down, 
Drunk	inebriated, loss of control, is usually thought to be caused by a drug, can be brought on by passionate feelings 
Drunk	alcohol, parties, helping friends, take the keys, 
Drunk	stumbling, don't remember the night, beer, vodka, bars, downtown, 21st birthday, jail.
Drunk	alcohol, beer, hangover, headache, stumbling, slurred words, stupid actions, drinking and driving is illegal,
Drunk	A state of being. When people are drunk people are not fully aware and likely to make dumb decisions. 
Drunk	intoxicated, tipsy, a person who has consumed a lot of alcohol
Drunk	alcohol, party, blacking out, throwing up, 21, beer, vodka, celebration, too much
Drunk	person, more sociable, bad habit, kills people, anger, emotions, mistakes,
Drunk	slurring 
Drunk	intoxicated, too many alcoholic drinks, 
Drunk	intoxicated, has been consumed, alcohol, 
Drunk	alcohol, party, college, beer, throwing up, alcoholic, spring break, football games, baseball games
Drunk	describes an inebriated person, a state of access drinking of alcohol, involves alcohol, can produce vomit, feels like a high, causes arguments, smells awful, can create crying, makes a person feel useless, makes a person feel empowered, makes people lose their balance
Drunk	You do crazy things, can't control your actions, bad judgement, comes from having too much of something like power, love or alcohol. 
Drunk	collegeblackoutalcoholbad decisions
Drunk	is intoxicated, from alcohol, is a drinker
Drunk	Tipsy
Drunk	state of supreme intoxication, obtained after much alcohol or liquor, can cause memory loss and depression or anger or both, makes people obnoxious, impairs judgement and causes wrecks.
Drunk	poor vision, lose of memory, parties, good time with friends, vomit, gross
Drunk	person who consume large amounts of alchohol many times, smell, sleep outside, get in fights, embaris their families and selves, unclean, sweety
Drunk	is an overuse of alcohol, typical in college, happens at parties, people become dumb, beligerent, drunk driving occurs, can kill people, alcohol poisioning, beer or mixed drinks cause it
Drunk	provides bad choices, is more popular during young ages
Drunk	alcohol, level, illegal, minor, driving, ticket
Drunk	alcohol, party, 
Drunk	consuming too much alcohol, making poor decisions
Drunk	happens after drinking too much, state of mind, causes you to act differently
Drunk	stupid, poor choice, is something no one should ever be, could be taken as drunk with power which is not good either, is a state at which this campus suffers
Drunk	intoxicated, an overabundance of alcohol, can become this way at bar or in the home, underage drinking is against the law, makes you loose coordination and good judgement, causes wrecks and fights
Drunk	is awesome, can be addictive, vodka, beer, blackout, excessive drinking, alcoholic, obnoxious, 
Drunk	college students, intoxicated, drinking too much alcohol, sloppy, not attractive
Drunk	when someone has consumed alcohol and is passed the point of feeling "just buzzed."
Drunk	State after consuming too much alcohol, experience loss of self control
Drunk	beer, keg stands, loss of memory, stumbling, falling, trouble, throwing up, illegal, college, fun
Drunk	can't talk, smells bad, wobbly walk, hilarious when you're sober, headaches, funny
Drunk	incoherent, irresponsible, make bad choices
Drunk	moron, stupid choices, beer googles, 
Drunk	dumb, stupid, weird
Drunk	beer a state of mind 
Drunk	alcohol, drinking, parties, college, fun, driving, accidents, slurred words
Drunk	sometimes fun, sometimes messy, sometimes bad; when someone drinks a lot of alcohol or eats too many ferminted fruit
Drunk	college students, bar, alcohol
Drunk	intoxicated individial. had too much to drink. may pick fights or slur words.
Drunk	an escape, a way to be someone else, a thing of rebellion for 18-21 year olds because it is illegal, 
Drunk	is when you drink too much, is when you are intoxicated, is when you can't drive, is when you will get a ticket for driving, is when your liver is going bad, is a level of sedation, is numbing, is caused by too much alcohol
Drunk	obtaining to much alcohol in your system
Drunk	tired, alcohol
Drunk	alcohol, forgetten nights
Drunk	uncoordinated, slow reactions, impaired, intoxicated
Drunk	Wasted, out of control, sloppy, unattractive, throwing up, tipsy, alcohol, minors, vodka, beer, bars, bar tenders, fake ID. 
Drunk	belligerent, funny, loud, can't walk, unsafe to drive, seen at parties, 
Drunk	alcohol, slur words, trouble, fun, vodka, beer, whiskey, wine
Drunk	
Drunk	drank too much alcohol, mind set, unable to walk real well, hangover
Family	Mom and dad and siblings, along with all of your relatives.
Family	relatives, close relationships, there when you need them, helpful, honest, supportive.
Family	love, comfort, my rock
Family	are a group of people closest to you. blood relatives. people you have grown up with and have raise you. eternal love. 
Family	a rock that will always be there for you, people who love you, and would do anything for you, a circle of life, friends, laughs, can contain two people, or can contain thirty people, is complex, is always changing..
Family	Love, Friends, Bonds, Children, Pets, Holidays
Family	confort, security, love, relatives, mom, dad, siblings
Family	a unit of people are related by blood or by a strong bond of friendship or love; contains mother, father, daughter, son, brother, sister, aunt, uncle, grandparent, cousin, adopted child, pet, step family member
Family	Dad, Mom, Brother, Sister, Aunt, Uncle, Grandma, Grandpa, Cousin, etc
Family	People that are genetically related to you or treat as more than just friends.
Family	mom, dad, brother,sister
Family	support, love, cherish, memories, mom, dad, brother, sister, cousin, uncle, aunt
Family	Mother, brother, sister, father, uncle, aunt, cousin, nephew, niece, Thanksgiving, Christmas, birthdays
Family	big, fun, loving, understanding
Family	mom, dad, brother, sister, aunt, uncle, grandma, grandpa, step-brother, step-sister, step-dad, step-mom, cousin
Family	support system, related to each other, loving, annoying, loud, always there for you, protective
Family	is a group, a unit, unity, support, care giver, love, endurance, strength 
Family	close ones, relatives
Family	 similar of same bloodline, your parents, siblings, cousins, grandparents, relatives, in most cases closest relationships, reason for being alive. 
Family	people that are related to one another. 
Family	sisters, nephews, memories, parents, grandparents, food, sports, events, blended, love
Family	dad, mom, sister, brother, aunts, uncles, cousins, family dinners, christmas with the family, family trips, movie night with the family.
Family	love, support, is large, has a dad, has a mom, adoption, nieces, nephews, sisters, brothers, aunts, uncles, grandparents
Family	is a group of people that love each other and bond as a support system. 
Family	people love and care for eachother unconditionally, related by blood
Family	love, relations, family tree, parents, grandparents, mom, dad, grandma, grandpa, cousins, aunts, uncles, brothers, sisters, great grandparents, great aunts, great uncles, reunions
Family	is most important, will always be there, helps you out, doesnt give up on you, lives at home, has all different kinds of friends, knows you, doesnt help you sometimes
Family	love, happiness
Family	my parents, brother, cousins, aunts, uncles, grandparents, great grandparents, the ones i care about the most
Family	care givers, people who care, supporters, 
Family	home, good food, love, strict, 
Family	are blood-related, can be nuclear, can involve step and half siblings, can be unrelated, can change, involves love, can hold hate
Family	people that take care of you and love you, could be related to you or not, closer with them than other people, spend holidays and other special events together, support you, something most people want in their lives, usually thought of as a married couple, children and grandparents. 
Family	FriendsLoveHome
Family	mother, father, sisters, brothers, is loving, lives in a house, 
Family	Love
Family	a unit of people more often than not related by blood, cohesion and cooperation of the people involved is expected, regarded as most important thing to some.
Family	caring people, not so caring people, are there for you when you are in trouble, love, compassion
Family	your loved ones, people you share a heritage with, people you share genetic makeup with, lives at your home, meets for fun funerals and high holidays, expected to always be close.
Family	is important, typically consists of mother and father and kids, reliable for most, is loving, is supportive, live together, share memories, siblings, grandparents
Family	is a big part of everyone`s life, consist of brothers and sisters, mom and dads, cousins, aunts, uncles etc., can be broken, can be close
Family	mother, father, distant, step, close
Family	togetherness, loving, mother, father, siblings, pets, 
Family	support system, loving, caring, close
Family	people who you are biologically related, support system
Family	together, group, bond, biology, 
Family	mother, father, brothers, and sisters. can include an array of people depending on family's situation. also includes secondary people like grandparents, aunts, uncles, etc
Family	is awesome, cant change family, the only people that really know you, friends can be associated with family as well
Family	love, caring, unconditional love, always there for each other, dramatic at times, grow up together,
Family	people that are related to you. people who are really close to you. can be related by blood, in-laws. 
Family	Are people related to you, consists of parents, siblings, grandparents, aunt and uncles, and cousins 
Family	love, always there for you, surrounding, forever
Family	four, smells like cookies, happy smiles, loving, always there for each other, under one roof
Family	support, backup, 
Family	love, brothers, sisters, mom, dad, grandma, papa, aunts, uncles
Family	love, siblings, cousins,
Family	people that you are close to 
Family	security, reliability, comfort, familiar, mom and dad, siblings
Family	people who are related to you; suppose to be there to support you
Family	relatives, love, caring, siblings
Family	loved ones. can be blood or not.
Family	cares for you, people you have known your whole life
Family	is the people who you are related to, comes first, give you a warm feeling inside, make you happy, sometimes drive you crazy, are the people you love, they're usually humans, sometimes they're pets, travel in white minivans, take vacations together, eat at a dinner table together.
Family	people who your related to
Family	Guy, circle
Family	love, brothers, sisters, mom, dad, memories, laughter, relationships, support system
Family	group of people, love, very close relationships, live together
Family	Mom, dad, brothers, sisters, pets, grandparents, home, cousins, aunts, uncles, warm, happy, comfortable. 
Family	loved ones, will do anything for their members, loving, kind, strict, 
Family	love, mom, dad, sibling, aunt, uncle, cousin, grandma, grandpa
Family	
Family	mom, dad, brothers, aunts, uncles, sister, cousins, nieces, nephews, grandma, grandpa, someone who you love
Far	Somethings far away.  It could be across the country or across the world.  Or you could be far from meeting your goal.
Far	is a great distance away, not close.
Far	distance, space, horizen
Far	used to describe something away from here. not close. opposite of near. 
Far	a distance that an object can go, a space that can be created between people where you feel far away from them.
Far	Distance, Near, Home
Far	is a concept of distance, remote
Far	to be a long way away from something, refers to distance
Far	Something or someone that is distance. It is out of reach. Must you enemy to get to a far place.
Far	opposite of close
Far	long distance, not close,
Far	near, long, 
Far	Distant, hills, 
Far	long way, journey, marathon
Far	not near, home
Far	is the distance something is away from you, farther than close
Far	is a distance, a term, conceivable point, is a long walk
Far	distant
Far	long distance, the amount of space between point A and B, long, out of reach at the moment
Far	denotes distance. away
Far	distance, sister, nephews, North Carolina, Afganistan, friends, Marines, Army
Far	miles away, not close, to another state, riding in an airplane, going overseas, to the moon.
Far	not close, takes awhile to get there, in the distance, 
Far	a relative term for distance. 
Far	a great distance
Far	distance, miles, Shrek, time, future
Far	away, fetched, gone, north, south, east, west, 
Far	apart, spaced out
Far	not close, at a distance, cant reach it, 
Far	distance, not close, large space in between, used in directions and travel 
Far	distance, time, effort, moving
Far	is unmeasurable, describes distance, is different for everyone, 
Far	not close,in the distance, something in a different place, takes time to get there, may need a car or airplane to get there, 
Far	AwayDistanceTrip
Far	in the distance, 
Far	Distance
Far	distance, frame of reference, considered longest distance.
Far	a distance,
Far	cannot find a way to use as a noun.
Far	opposite of close, is in the distance, have to work to reach it, takes time
Far	is the oppostie of near, can not be determined distance
Far	distance, long, a way, not close
Far	not near, hard to reach
Far	long distance away, not close at all
Far	not where you are, regarding time or space
Far	distance, distant, not close, away, lack of closeness, hard-to-see, google maps,
Far	something of long distance, not tangible, 
Far	is associated with distance, 
Far	China is far, anything in distance that is not near, ocean is far, makes people sad sometimes,
Far	an amount of distance. opposite or short.
Far	Describes a distance, long distance
Far	away, unattainable, distant
Far	not near, in the distance
Far	distance
Far	distance, from here to there,
Far	little objects, unreachable, 
Far	not close a distance 
Far	not close, long distance, different countries, space
Far	relative; a long distance away
Far	long distance, trip, long
Far	long distance.
Far	is distance either emotionally or physically, 
Far	a long way away, the antonym is near, 
Far	not close
Far	close
Far	Africa, moon
Far	long distance, remote point, great deal
Far	Close, near, plane rides, long distance, far away, brett favre, further, far from home. 
Far	long time to get to, in the distance, hard to see
Far	distance, hard to see, not close
Far	
Far	away, not near
Fast	You get somewhere really fast.
Fast	quickly finish, reckless, unsafe, efficient.
Fast	is speed, strength, zoom
Fast	opposite of slow. cars. speeding tickets. the speed of light. spaceships. doing something at the quickest speed possible. 
Fast	speeding, can be a moment you wish you could slow down, a rate at which an object travels.
Fast	Furious, Slow, Easy, Race car, Ticket, Police
Fast	is a concept, speedy, out of control, quick
Fast	to move quickly, to get something done with little time elapsing, can be applied to the fast-paced world or moving fast with a love interest, can be considered a good thing when talking about track races and company production, but bad when talking about relationships or do work that requires patience
Fast	something that moves very quick. Ex would be a sports car.
Fast	Synonymous with speedy, used to describe a situation moving quickly, opposite of slow
Fast	quick,speedy, in a timely fashion
Fast	racing, cars, slow, quick, 
Fast	Quick, speed, Flash,
Fast	track, cars, jets, 
Fast	quick, not slow, restraining from something for a certain period of time.
Fast	is better than slow, racecars go fast
Fast	speed of movement, efficiant, clean, quick to the point, racing, cars, running
Fast	quick
Fast	to travel at a high speed, to do something with increased speed, speedily, quickness, sometimes can be referred to as carelessness
Fast	to move at a high rate of speed
Fast	quickly, in a hurry, speedy 
Fast	cars, boats, people, cheetas, seconds, slow, way to show speed.
Fast	speed, cars, planes, and furious, movie, not slow
Fast	is a relative term of speed. Used to talk about how something moved.
Fast	a high speed
Fast	quick, speedy, racing, driving, running, NASCAR
Fast	cars, trucks, life, runner, football player, basketball player, 
Fast	qiuck
Fast	quick, speedy, like a bullet
Fast	movement, cars, race, not usually grandparents, auto-ban, highways, speeding, timely, asap, 
Fast	speedy, finish, cars, racing, constant, speed, velocity, rate, football players, soccer players, 
Fast	a speed, not measurable, refraining from an activity, refraining from food, boycotting something, is linked with driving speeds
Fast	being quick, in a short amount of time like a race car, a cheetah, or the blink of an eye. Can be something good or bad. you want to a horse to go fast in a race but you don't want a life to go by fast. 
Fast	CarSpeed
Fast	is quick, is speedy
Fast	Quick
Fast	highest rate of speed, used for objects in motion, smaller time slots can be regarded as fast.
Fast	Fast & Furious movie, a speed which is greater then slow or normal speed, leads to mistakes
Fast	people that move quickly, period of time when something is given up for the sake of a spiritual endevour, assoiciated with prayer
Fast	quick, running, cheetah, athletes, fast and furious movies
Fast	is the opposite of slow, race car drivers, horses
Fast	speed, rush, quick
Fast	not slow, above normal speed, cross-country runners
Fast	excess speed, not slow, moving swiftly
Fast	moves quickly, cars, planes
Fast	not slow, food, not me, sprinters, cars, planes, those little atons they discovered that can travel faster than light, rockets, life
Fast	speed, endurance and pace of animal or machine, is not an object but a description of one
Fast	is starving, speedy, productive, iPhone, airplanes 
Fast	speedy, race cars, runners, internet connection, 
Fast	very quickly. speed.
Fast	state of motion, high speed, opposite of slow
Fast	cars, black people, Usain Bolt, Kirby Schoenthaler
Fast	It is the opposite of slow, the speed of runners in the Olympics, technology, wind flying by you
Fast	car, is awesome, adrenaline, hair in wind, speed 
Fast	speedy, quick, energetic, 
Fast	mach 1, mach 3, quick, swift, 
Fast	to move quickly not slow 
Fast	cars, competitive runners, NASCAR 
Fast	people can be fast - run, walk, talk, swim, think, eat, etc. fast; animals can be fast; is an adjective; describes something or someone; is relative
Fast	cars, To Fast to Furious
Fast	quick, not a lot of time, first to win the race
Fast	can be service, car, or a person etc.  What people expect everywhere today, 
Fast	quickness, is a type of food, is how some people run, 
Fast	something that moves quickly
Fast	lightning, speed
Fast	speeding, air planes, runners, fast food
Fast	quick, at a fast speed, swift, rapid
Fast	Sprinting, times, cars, swimming, track and field, seeing people grow up, slow. 
Fast	speedy, can't be seen, winner
Fast	rapid, racecar, speed
Fast	
Fast	fastfood, fastpitch, cheetahs, planes, 
Float	Camping trip.  You can float down a river on a raft, canon, etc.
Float	be on top of the water or a fluid of some sort, to not sink.
Float	fly, soar, light
Float	is a verb. balloon. water. life jackets. hope floats. ice cream. doesn't sink. 
Float	something that stays above a surface of water or other substance. People can float, animals can float, garbage can float, boats can float.
Float	Paddles, Fun, Friends, Adventure, Swim Suit, Rootbeer
Float	is full of air, it could be an object, it could be used in the pool, in the water, it could have many shapes, colors, and sizes
Float	usually decorated, used for celebrations, sometiems hold people who sometiems pass out candy to other people, often seen in parades, seen in homecoming events, crowds come to watch floats in parades, towed by trucks or some kind of vehicle, have wheels, sometimes having moving/revolvign parts, can be colorful 
Float	Laying on the surface of water and being able to stay above the water by "floating"
Float	Opposite of sinking, children have "floaties" they can use to not sink.
Float	stay on top, don't drown
Float	water, boat, canoe, raft, river, float trip, paddle, 
Float	Rise (usually in water), boat,
Float	boats, people, ducks, 
Float	can be a property, can be used in a parade
Float	is when you put something in water and it does not sink
Float	state of mind, aspect of meditation, boiyancy, inflatable raft.
Float	levitate
Float	to stay above service, to swim, not sink, buoy, raft, boat
Float	to have buoyancy. the ability to be suspended above something. to float on water, to float thru the air 
Float	parade, march, candy, fun, family, summer, Christmas, the fair
Float	swimming on your back, life jackets, light, hollow, dead fish in the water.
Float	water, boat, air, canoe, magic tricks
Float	staying on top of the water. Boats float in the lake or other body of water. 
Float	to levitate, rise above the ground, a sculpture in a parade
Float	in a parade, on water, root beer, ice cream, ghosts, raft, boat, lifejacket, tube, homecoming, Christmas parade
Float	in a parade, have different themes, can have people on it, don't go fast, are dangerous, are enjoyable, make kids smile, are during holiday parades, 
Float	moving like water
Float	root beer, sits on water, parades
Float	buoyant, the weight of the hold is less than the weight of the displaced water or fluid, a vehicle that has been decorated for show, 
Float	boat, keys, booey, life jacket, dead fish, sticks, ducks, snakes, 
Float	something bouyant, is a raft, deals with water, is a drink
Float	hovering near the surface of water or in the air, defying gravity. or it could be a structure decorated and designed for a parade.
Float	pompingparade
Float	is a drink, is in a parade, is cold, has ice cream, pulled by a truck, is large, 
Float	Boat
Float	parade platform that is festive, can mean something that is light than air and levitates, also used as a description of an ice cream dessert.
Float	in parades, ice cream floats, floating on water, 
Float	object that is bouyant in water, found in water, used for recreation, used for safety, used to rescue people in water, mae of rubber or styrofoam 
Float	is in a parade, decorated for events, is on top of water, canoeing in a river, rootbeer floats, delicious
Float	down the river, in a pool, on a raft, in a boat
Float	pomp, parade, trailer
Float	root beer, you can do this down a river, water
Float	pomping, homecoming, hatred of building
Float	to be bouyant, or not touching the ground
Float	sink, something root beer can make, something churches lead and rocks don't do, something a duck does, witches! BURN HeR!
Float	bobbing, buoyancy, staying on top of water, a raft or inner-tube, boats
Float	floating down the river in canoe or raft, parade float, floating in water, when in water you are weightless 
Float	pomping, homecoming, parades, things in the air, bubbles, 
Float	something that stays above the surface of water or helps someone stay above the surface.
Float	opposite of sinking, remaining above the surface of water
Float	means life or death in certain situations, fat does, muscle doesn't, only works with liquids
Float	bubbles, boats float on the ocean, light empty things float on water
Float	in water, protect, saves  
Float	in the water, on a cloud, not touching ground, suspened in the air
Float	fat people float well in water, 
Float	to stay bount to stay on the surface of water
Float	boats, water, root beer, parades, lazy river, intertubes
Float	staying on the surface of the water without any effort
Float	river, canoe, camp
Float	property of an object with less density than water. 
Float	either in the sky or on water, 
Float	a device that keeps you above water, can be rubber, sometimes is made of wood
Float	being able to stay above water without sinking
Float	river
Float	river, rootbeer, pool
Float	to stay atop water or air, to move lightly and gracefully
Float	Water wings, water noodles, fat people. flotation devises, boats, docks, canoes, water skis, life saving device.
Float	on the surface, light
Float	air, parade, sky, beads, drinks
Float	
Float	swimmies, water, pool, lake, ice cream, rootbeer
Geek	A smart person, who wears hi-waters, and has a pencil protector
Geek	dork, smart, nerd, studies a lot.
Geek	nerd, wear glasses, suspenders
Geek	describes certain people. computers. glasses. high school. bullies. a smart person. gets made fun of. never gets the girl. has little friends. socially unacceptable. 
Geek	someone who is smart, someone that does well in school, someone who is picked on by others, portrayed to always where glasses, carry an inhaler, and be very nasely. Can be a boy or a girl.
Geek	Nerd, Glasses, High pants, Skeet, Smart, Bullied
Geek	weird, awkward, intelligent
Geek	to be smart, to like and understand technology well, to be socially awkward, to be made fun of, 
Geek	normally someone who's really smart. Likes video games and card games. Will spend hours with some type of technology such as computers.
Geek	Sterotype of someone smart, often used to describe someone obsessive with computers, mathematics, physics, and other sciences. Someone that doesn't "fit in" with the general population of people.
Geek	nerd, glasses, bookworm
Geek	glasses, alone, smart, calulator, brown shoes, library, lots of books
Geek	High school, nerd, glasses, pocket protectors, suspenders, 
Geek	smart, nerdy, weird, losers, socially awkward, 
Geek	nerd, glasses, suspenders, smart, teachers pet
Geek	a loser, very smart, made fun of, will someday be all our bosses
Geek	early humanity, art, structures, architecture, strength, valor, mathmatics
Geek	nerd
Geek	nerd, dork, not popular, picked on by others, not outgoing, low confidence, 
Geek	a colloquialism, a slang term for someone that has interests and hobbies deemed deviant from the majority. has become en vogue recently
Geek	smart, shy, unsure
Geek	glasses, pocket protector, always studies, always goes to class, has braces, short, doesn't play sports.
Geek	glasses, picked on, smart, chess club,
Geek	Describes someone who is smart and studys more than others. Often times, they dress unusal. 
Geek	a type of person, usually very smart, wears glasses
Geek	nerd, weirdo, dork, good grades, studies a lot, computers, glasses, suspenders, video games
Geek	is smart, has no social life, doesn't have fun, will run the day, has a high IQ, 
Geek	smart education lonely 
Geek	knows about computers, smart
Geek	language, Europe, country, ethnicity 
Geek	glasses, books, nerd, always studying, computer expert, geek squad, good at math, smart
Geek	derogatory term, socially awkward, associated with level of intelligence, associated with people who wear glasses, physically weak
Geek	unpopular person, usually smart, not athletic, someone different from the norm, likes things that some people think are weird or stupid, associated with someone with big glasses and suspenders.
Geek	NerdLoserWeirdoBookworm
Geek	has glasses, a human, good at school, 
Geek	Nerd
Geek	nerd, someone who is not exactly popular, negative term for an intelligent but socially awkward person.
Geek	loving nostalgic things, having very pale skin, lack of physical activity, D&D, ftw i am better than you noob stfu, 
Geek	someone who is smart, unsocialable, loser, wears glasses, good with computers, math and science, found in schools and parents's basements
Geek	is a nerd, is smart, wears glasses, reads books, unpopular, goes to class, good grades, not stylish
Geek	pleasant person, nerdy
Geek	nerd, study, glasses, braces
Geek	nerd, glasses, smart
Geek	very intelligent, outside of the norm, doesnt care what people think
Geek	good with computers, likes to play video games, makes good grades
Geek	not me. I'm a nerd. a geek is someone that thinks they are knowledgable in one area of nerdness but actually aren't. 
Geek	a word used to bully people, similar to nerd, relates people who are smart, maybe not good looking
Geek	is a nerd, smart, intelligent, is not cool, not popular, successful, 
Geek	glasses, nerdy, likes things that mainstreemers don't, star wars, suspenders, different fashion sense than most, 
Geek	a "nerd"a loser in high school.the weird kid.
Geek	Smart people, socially awkward
Geek	glasses, smart, future employers
Geek	glasses, wears shirt tucked in and pants high, very smart, tutors
Geek	best buy, computer fixers, 
Geek	Smart
Geek	nerd, big glasses, high waters, 
Geek	old lang form a country food people 
Geek	nerdy, person that is good in school, loves computer games, reads books all the time, has glasses, not fashionable
Geek	I haven't heard or used that word since middle school; someone with classes and can be intelligent or not at all; clumsy
Geek	smart, glasses, pocket shirts
Geek	nerd. hard worker. studies all the time. 
Geek	A broad term used generally to define people with knowledge, media makes them out to be book smart with no social skills
Geek	someone who plays a lot of video games, someone who is really smart, someone who loves computers, a person who watches Starwars and Star Trek, someone who is in to science fiction, someone who still lives with their parents at the age of 40.
Geek	an uncool person
Geek	nerd, computer
Geek	smart, glasses, dork, high pants
Geek	nerd, glasses, pocket protectors, tucked in shirts, smart, electronics
Geek	Computers, geek squad, volkswagen bugs, glasses, suspenders, high socks, steve urkel, smart.
Geek	glasses, high water pants, lots of books, does nothing but study
Geek	likes school, wears glasses, very smart, likes reading
Geek	
Geek	nerd, studies to much on one thing or many
Glass	It is sharp and you can accidently cut yourself on it.  Its what windows are made out of.
Glass	is a cup, or window, translucent, allows light but also acts as a barrier,  easily broken, fragile, 
Glass	clear, sharp when broken, smooth, can shatter
Glass	breakable. drink out of it. sharp. dangerous. used to create many things. 
Glass	breakable, can be clear, or iced of in many forms, 
Glass	Bottle, Foot, Pain, Milk, Mirror, Window, Shot glass
Glass	is an object, a window has it, you can drink out of it, it has many different shapes and sizes, is could have any color however it's usually colorless
Glass	clear, hard, but fragile material used to make eye glasses, cups, vases, piture frames, windows, and other objects, can be colored as well 
Glass	Clear object (normally thin) 
Glass	Made by a slow and grueling process, very fragile, can be colored, and manipulated into different shapes and sizes.
Glass	clear see-through substance,manmade
Glass	breakable, clear, shinny, glasses, 
Glass	Breakable, common, transparent, 
Glass	container, breakable, expensive, beautiful
Glass	something you drink out of, something you look out of, 
Glass	is a mineral, makes glasses, is very breakable, can be blown to make pretty objects
Glass	smooth, reflective, sharp, brittle, strong
Glass	cup
Glass	see through, windows, highly breakable, sharp, fragile, 
Glass	a composite material used in production of many items. is transparent, is often used in metaphors 
Glass	delicate, breakable, pretty, stained glass, Church
Glass	breakable, you drink water out of it, what windows are made of, glass eyeball, beaker.
Glass	clear, hard, can be different colors, cup, drink, found in cabinent, empty space within
Glass	A material that is used for windows. Glass is sharp when broken and can cause cuts. 
Glass	is a material, is see through, used to make windows, very breakable, is sharp
Glass	windows, bottles, cleaner, Windex, mirrors, see through, clear
Glass	is transparent, can be broken, has a reflection, can be dangerous, can cut you, can save your life
Glass	glass house, glass ware 
Glass	see through, insulation, cover, sharp, lightweight
Glass	material, windows, construction, looks, see through, cups, glasses, 
Glass	cup, window, crystal, broken, backboard, basketball, eyeball, ceramic,
Glass	can be used to hold liquid, can be used to create a mirror, can cut bare skin, is transparent, can be different colors, can be shattered, can be decorative, can be cylindrical, is made from sand
Glass	a sharp object, can see through it, can be different colors, made from melted sand, used in windows, used for bowls, used for appliances, dangerous 
Glass	breakingwine
Glass	is clear, made in fires, is made of elements, is solid
Glass	Cut
Glass	brittle state of highly heated and then cooled sand, used for windows and ornaments, often used to repel weather or encase something.
Glass	is what to fill the space in a window frame, used for crafting art, can be tinted to look mysterious
Glass	breakable, used to drink from, found on mirrors and windows, many colors, usually clear, can be tinted, comes from heated sand, can cut, dangerous if eated or inhaled 
Glass	is see through, can break, shatter, can be sharp, can drink out of one, used for windows
Glass	can be broken, is what windows are made of
Glass	breakable, clear, cup, dishes, eye
Glass	breaks easily, made of sand, can be made into beautiful things, clumsy people drop this a lot
Glass	breakable, drink out of, hand blown, brittle
Glass	wine, breakable, shatters
Glass	glass hall, glassing a planet, Halo, sand, fire, windows, iphone, lens cleaner, glasses, cups, prisms, 
Glass	object that can be clear or colored, strong material, used in many objects, can be sharp and cut easily
Glass	hurts, is breakable, is expensive, 
Glass	breakable, sharp when broken, see through, heavy sometimes, 
Glass	a clear, breakable element. class windows, class cups, etc.
Glass	Is breakable, sometimes translucent, used for many different things
Glass	blowing, half-full, clear, 
Glass	see through, breaks easily, can fill with milk, cold
Glass	drinks, milk
Glass	sharp, clear and colored, 
Glass	clear, transparent, sharp
Glass	clear, vlaueable 
Glass	windows, cups, mirrors, cuts
Glass	hard; clear; can be different colors; smooth; breakable; makes windows, cups, plates, bowls, etc.; made from sand; can cut through skin
Glass	cups, windshield, broken, 
Glass	sharp, transparent, beautiful, makes bottles, glasses, jars.
Glass	used for windows, made of sand, 
Glass	is a material used to make window panes, is a material used to make drinking apperatuses, can be used to make figurines, is transparent, can sometimes reflect images, can be sharp if broken, fragile, smooth, cold, liquid when heated, created when lightening strikes sand.
Glass	sharps see through object
Glass	clear
Glass	window, bottle
Glass	clear, windows, vases, hard, transparent
Glass	Broken glass, shattered glass, colored glass, the making of glass, vases, bowls, cups, plates, expensive, don't touch, "you break it you buy it."
Glass	see through, easy to break, shatters, created by lightning
Glass	drink, clear, sharp
Glass	
Glass	window, shiny 
Gross	A gross person, may be smelly or just gross to look at.
Gross	nasty, something to be avoided, dirty, smelly, unclean.
Gross	ew, disgusting, slimy, nasty, apalling
Gross	nasty. unattractive. unwanted. no one can stand. 
Gross	a word someone uses when they dislike a particular object, is a negative word, can be an adjective, or can hurt someone's feelings, can be used to talk about income and taxes.
Gross	Smells, Itch, Moist, Squirt, Bugs, Mud, Trash, Dirty
Gross	disgusting, nasty, lousy
Gross	to be nasty to poeple or animals, to be unlikable, can refer to behavior that is socially unaccptable 
Gross	a word describing something that looks, taste, feels, smells, sounds disgusting 
Gross	Opposite of pleasant, synonymous with disgusting or an amount such as gross income
Gross	nasty, appaulling, disgusting
Gross	nasty, dirty, unsanitary, smelly
Gross	Ew, disgusting, bugs, vomit,
Gross	rotten, dirty, gorey
Gross	something that is not desired, something you don't like
Gross	is something bad, rotten food, dirty laundry, smelly people
Gross	feeling, reaction, disgusted, something foriegn, cant understand
Gross	disgusting 
Gross	total amount,big, chubby,bulky,massive, stout, usually not thin or small
Gross	a colloquialism, something disgusting, retched  
Gross	12, bottle rockets
Gross	smelly, sticky, messy, a fungus on someones foot, changing a baby's diaper.
Gross	disgusting, makes someone sick, abnormal, not clean,
Gross	is a term describing something unappealing.
Gross	is a adjedive, used to describe bad tasting or nasty things
Gross	Disgusting, sick, nasty
Gross	food, person, makes you gag, makes you unhappy, makes you disgusted, makes you unattractive, 
Gross	nasty, sticky 
Gross	nasty, sick, disgusting
Gross	nasty, slimy, dirty, personal openion
Gross	Disgusting, puke, waste,
Gross	is twelve dozen, is profit, describes something unattractive
Gross	unpleasant, anything too dirty, something disgusting, no one likes it, makes people feel sick, unhygienic 
Gross	nastysickvomit
Gross	is nonedible, is muddy, is nasty, is not normal
Gross	Disgusting
Gross	adjective for disgusting, negative attribute usually for food or a behavior.
Gross	vomit, Ripleys believe it or not, the color green,
Gross	people who do not clean themselves or have lude behaviour and language.
Gross	something disgusting, ugly looking, has a bad taste, smells bad, trash
Gross	seaweed, puke, blood, unpleasant things
Gross	nasty, undesirable, not ideal
Gross	green slime, profanity
Gross	nasty, covered in filth, show unpleasant behavior 
Gross	unappetizing, smells foul, feels gooey
Gross	is a term used to define gross things. :Dbasically anything that has to do with smoking. 
Gross	something that appalls an individual, peoples perception on what this concept is varies. a descriptive word to describe tangible object or an act. can be an animal, bug, food, drink, trash, house, burp, etc
Gross	public bathrooms, smells, unclean, neglected
Gross	disgusting, anything you wouldn't want done to you, not appetizing, 
Gross	something that you dislike, that makes you sick.
Gross	has to do with income, profit
Gross	Public bathrooms, toilet seats, boogers, feces
Gross	buggers, bugs, mush, blood, horrible smell, nasty face
Gross	eww, vomit
Gross	boogers, snakes, makes you sick, unclean, 
Gross	Boogers, cottage cheese
Gross	a unit of mass somthing nasty 
Gross	spills, bad smells, dirty, sticky
Gross	a descriptive word for something negative; dirty; smelly
Gross	nasty, gory, horror movies, goo
Gross	disgusting. unwelcoming. something you want to get away from.
Gross	smells bad, looks bad, tastes bad, 
Gross	disgusting, feet, an adjective, vomit, garbage
Gross	something that is ugly or unattractive
Gross	nasty, food, taste
Gross	farts, PDA, public bathrooms, hairballs, dirty rooms, feet
Gross	nasty, rank, flagrant, total, sickening
Gross	Nasty, sticky, slimy, stinky, snakes, snot, gore, taboo, fear factor, humans. 
Gross	ew, dirty, nasty, dewy, smells
Gross	snot, spit, vomit
Gross	
Gross	disgusting, dirty, old, smells bad
Hell	Where the devil is and not where i want to go
Hell	Hot, burning fires, bad place to go, religions "bad" destination.
Hell	evil, red, fire, devil
Hell	is a place. fire. the devil. religion. mythology. consequence of a sinful life. 
Hell	An eternal damnation for wrong doings, a curse word, a hole in the ground, where the devil lives, where your parents threaten you to go if you don't behave, a place that is very hot and you don't get water. 
Hell	Hot, Scary
Hell	is a concept, a belief, could  be a place, related to bad things
Hell	place of punishment for unchrisitian people, place where God sends unsaved sinners, a place of torment, some seperate it into different levels of hell, usually associated with fire and the devil (considered his home), said to be full of demons, used to refer to awful situations or places on earth, can refer to how one feels if they feel bad
Hell	fire, devil, where sinners go 
Hell	Religious communities say it is the opposite of heaven, where you go when you sin. Can be used to describe something unpleasant.
Hell	opposite of heaven, underground, devil
Hell	devil, fire, hot, dark, pitchfork, horns, evil, loud
Hell	Evil, fire, below "ground", religious, devil,
Hell	bad, fictional, location, devil
Hell	not heaven, devil
Hell	is hot, is on fire, burns you, go after you die, bad people, under the earth, devil lives there, is evil
Hell	A place, a fear, is publisized, is opionated, is hot, is cold, is a tool
Hell	punishment
Hell	evil, satan, sinfulness, based off religion, opposite of heaven, not following the word of the lord
Hell	an invention of theology. the word hell is most commonly associated to Christianity but most religion have a similar version. to be removed from the god of a religion. a place of punishment 
Hell	punishment, hot, 7 rings, eternal
Hell	satin, demons, fire, bad people, heaven, god, angels, church, bible, sunday, sins.
Hell	fire, hot, satan, bad, sin,
Hell	is a place one could go to for the afterlife.
Hell	 a place where poeple go who have not been saved after death, firery pit, eternal suffering
Hell	opposite of Heaven, devil, satan, red, fire, flames, pitchfork, bad place, Halloween, scary movies, Bible, God
Hell	is hot, a place on earth, where the devil lives, is the greatest enemy to man, is for non believers, has fire, has bad people, is featured in many movies, 
Hell	hot steamy, suffering
Hell	fire, devil lives there, "below" us
Hell	place, hot, opposite of haven, devil, red, fire, everlasting pain  and want
Hell	heaven, lake of fire, satan, bible, ten commandments, forgiveness, blasphame, religion, beliefs, praying, god, jesus, holy spirit, 
Hell	religious related, suffering, evil, contains the devil, involves fire, feels hot, is red, contains screaming, contains pain, a place for the dead, anti-Christ, for sinners
Hell	a horrible place, opposite of heaven, has flames and lava, home of the devil, you will tortured for forever there, bad people go there, thought of as under the earth, the ultimate punishment.
Hell	DevilRedReligion
Hell	is a curse word, a word, a place, in the bible
Hell	Satan
Hell	place, connoted with fire and pain, said to contain devil, considered a place for people who were evil or sinners to go to after death.
Hell	used in religion, used to display anger,
Hell	Created by God for Satan and the fallen angels, place where man goes for lack of repentance and faith, has levels, associated with The Pit and the Lake of Fire, is eternal, place of punishment, opposite of heaven
Hell	devil, is hot, satan, bad place, opposite of heaven
Hell	is the opposite of heaven, is where the devil lives, a hot scary place, 
Hell	hot, fire, devil
Hell	opposite from heaven, non-Christian believers go here, fire, bottom of the Earth, Devil, demons
Hell	opposite of heaven, where sinners live eternally, fire, eternal death
Hell	devil, fire
Hell	hot, houses the devil in the media depiction of it. is actually full separation from God. Is where We end up with we reject christ. sucks. 
Hell	a place believed to exist in christian religion. below us, counterpart of heaven, reigned by the devil, followers of satan or people who do not devote their life to God/Christ are said to live their afterlife there. a place of foul smell, burning flesh, agonizing pain, torture, and the re-living of it all for eternity
Hell	is eternal, is fire, is evil, run by the devil, 
Hell	hot, bad place, opposite of heaven, fire, curse word to some, go there if you do bad things
Hell	the opposite of heaven. 
Hell	The opposite of Heaven, place where Satan dwells, said to be a place of misery
Hell	fire, evil, hot, saved from
Hell	red, smells bad, hot, horrible place to be, opposite of heaven, devil, demon
Hell	hot, Satan, no water
Hell	the devil, hot, eternal damnation, bad, doomed
Hell	Satan, hate, stupid, fire
Hell	a bad place the reverse of heaven fire 
Hell	fire, devil, murders, bad people, not someone I want to go, death
Hell	a "curse" word; hot; torchure; bad people
Hell	fire, devil
Hell	burning place, ruled by Satan or the Devil, terrible place to live. hot.
Hell	a place in our heads that drives people to be better, something used to scare people since they are a child
Hell	Is where bad people go when they die, is where the devil lives, is hot, is away from God, is a cus word, is scary, is a psychological and physical place, opposite of heaven, has nine levels according to Dante.
Hell	place raelly hot you go to if not heaven
Hell	scary
Hell	devil, red, mean, dark
Hell	where the devil lives, where bad people go when they die, hot, fire, sin
Hell	Heaven, fire, the devil, god, jesus, the bible, demons, saints, mary, the ten commandments, adam and eve. 
Hell	red, hot, burning
Hell	red, devil, opposite of heaven, sin, criminals
Hell	
Hell	a word, Christians believe is a fiery place where the devil lives, bad, 
Lake	A body of water, that you can swim in or boat in, etc.
Lake	a dammed river, creates electricity, creates habitats for some animals while hindering others, recreational attraction, peaceful.
Lake	water, is fun in the sun, fishing, boating
Lake	is a large body of water. swimming. boating. drowning accidents. summer fun. tubing. water patrol. drinking. 
Lake	a large body of water, a place to cool off in the summer, a place to have fun, a place to swim and tube, a place to ride boats and jet skies, where fish live, can be natural or man made, can be a person's means of living.
Lake	E Coli, Fish, Dirty, Pollution, Boats, Alcohol, Swim Suits, Drowning, Barges, Dams, Bridges
Lake	it has water, it has plants, it has animals, you can swim in it, you can ride a boat on it, it could be hot, cold, or freezing
Lake	big body of water; smaller than a sea or ocean but bigger than a pond; can be man-made or nature-made; used for fishing, docking boats, recreation, swimming; contains marine life, vegetation, rocks, sand; can be freshwater or saltwater; cna look brown or blue; can be deep or shallow depending on how close one is to land 
Lake	Body of water bigger than a pond but smaller than an ocean. Normally contains wild life such as fish and ducks. Many people will at boating in lakes and swim in them.
Lake	Relatively small body of water surrounded by land, recreational sports athletes can be found there in the warmer months.
Lake	body of water greater than an acre
Lake	water, fish, fishing, sking, tubing, family, picnic, fourth of july, summer, weekend
Lake	Great Lakes, smaller than ocean, land-bound, rivers,
Lake	water, ducks, fish, 
Lake	body of water, home, boat, jet ski, tubing
Lake	is a body of water, is bigger than a pond but smaller than the ocean, is fresh water, has fish
Lake	body of water, recreational, wet, cold, man made, natural, contains fish, hosts water sports
Lake	water
Lake	can be used to recreational activities like fishing,boating,bowfishing etc...., larger than ponds, can be man-made or natural, usually filled with wildlife,body of water
Lake	a large disconnected body of water. has ripples. a biosphere. a recreation area. a potential source of energy
Lake	body of water, fresh water, fish, wildlife, damns, recreation
Lake	boats, skiing, wakeboarding, water, swimming, fish, dock, snacks, rocks, waterfalls, big houses, alot of friends, having fun.
Lake	water, boats, camping, fish, snakes, birds, animals, woods, ski, jetski, rafts, 
Lake	A collection of water. Lakes are great for fishing, but have no source, therefore no current. 
Lake	pool of water, contains fish and plants
Lake	water, tubing, weekends, summertime, swimming, sunshine, boats, fishing, Lake of the Ozarks, Pomme de Terre, Truman, Michigan lakes, fish, rafts
Lake	is dirty, are fun, have boats, have jet skis, have fish, have turtles, have snakes, have birds, has an ecosystem, tourist trap
Lake	fishes , swimming
Lake	area of water, big space
Lake	water, man made or natural, dam, river, outdoors, in the wilderness, water sports, knee-boarding, water skis, boats, swimming, sun, summer, fishing, fish, large, deep, 
Lake	skiing, tubing, boats, sun screen, tan, dock, fishing, casting, baiting, frogging, friends, family, swimming, camping,
Lake	is a body of water, is wet, is a shade of blue, sounds peaceful, has a neutral smell, tastes like water, can contain animal waste, contains fish, used for fishing, used for boating, used for swimming, can be man-made
Lake	body of water, larger than a pond but smaller than an ocean, can be fresh or salt water, has aquatic creatures living in it, can boat, ski, swim, tube, or fish in it. Can be natural or man made, 
Lake	OzarksBeerWaterTubbingBoat 
Lake	is wet, has animals inside it, made of water, has waves, used for entertainment
Lake	Water and ducks
Lake	body of water, not as large as ocean but larger than river, rivers usually feed into it, can be very deep, has summer homes built by most, contains organisms of life.
Lake	usually related to family fun, holds fish, near wild life, jet-ski, boats, 
Lake	made up of water, has fish, used for boating, used for swimming, used for fishing, vary in size, look blue
Lake	is water, big open space, boats us it, vacaction for families, go swimming in it, fish live there, go fishining, relaxing time, fun for people
Lake	is a place to swim, take boats, ski, consists of many different fish, very unclear water, a natural habitat for many animals
Lake	body of water, boat, vacation, swim, fish
Lake	water, wet, peaceful, people fish here, blue, smells like a swamp, families boat here, relaxation
Lake	body of water, big, wet, connects to rivers, habitat, ecosystem
Lake	a body of water, merky, trees
Lake	is wet, is dirty, is big, is fun to kayak, is something you shouldn't drink
Lake	larger than a pond, smaller than the ocean. includes freshwater life including fish, crawfish, turtles, otters, etc a place to fish, swim, camp, or take out the boat
Lake	is cold or hot depending on the weather, is full of life, fish make their homes in lakes, lake is fun, there are lots of activities on lake, you swim in a lake, you tube in a lake, you boat on a lake, you ski on a lake 
Lake	water, jet skiing, boating, swimming, swimsuits, sunny, docks, tubing, 
Lake	a large body of water that you can swim in, drive boats, tube, water skii.
Lake	Is a body of water, varies in size, have fish, can be used for irrigation
Lake	Ponca, Grand, fishing, wakeboards, kneeboards, sunburn, catfish, bass
Lake	summertime, brown water, tubing, tanning, full of amazing memories, lake house, skiing, slide, sea-doo, love, hot sun, perfect time
Lake	blue-green, water, wavy, cold, boating, fish,beach, rocks, jetskis
Lake	dirty, mass of water, man-made, 
Lake	brown water, body of water, has trees surrounding 
Lake	body of water, a vaction place
Lake	lake house, water, fun, family
Lake	a body of standing water that is naturally occuring or was man made by damming up a river which is extremely creepy; good for boating, fishing, sailing, tubing, etc.
Lake	water, boats, skiing, swimming
Lake	a large body of water. full of fish. often used for fishing or boating. fed into by steams. used for swimming.
Lake	a large body of water, is a great summer escape, place to fish, created by a dam
Lake	a large body of water surrounded by land on all sides, is where fish live, is where I go fishing, is where my family goes camping, is very deep, is where boats float, has creeks flowing from it
Lake	body of water bigger than a river smaller than ocean
Lake	water, swim
Lake	fish, water, boats, swimmers
Lake	body of water, is wet, blue-green, animals live in, algae, is cold, people swim in it, boats
Lake	Minnesota, boats, sailing, swimming, fishing, beaches, ice skating, windy, buoys, tubing, camp, parasailing. 
Lake	water, dirty, boats, fished in, peed and pooped in, human toilet bowl, 
Lake	water, beautiful, sports, boat, ski, fish, trees
Lake	
Lake	water, boats, swim, fish
Messy	Pig- stye.  
Messy	dirty, unclean, lazy, trashy, cluttered.
Messy	sloppy, dirty, trashy
Messy	opposite of neat. children. babies. lack of cleanliness. disorganized. 
Messy	cluttered, something that is very unorganized, normally used to describe the state of a room, or a situation, babies, children, men, teenagers.
Messy	Room, Food, Break ups, 
Messy	everything all over the place, disorganized, durty
Messy	to be unclean, disorganized; can refer to a room, a person or people, a lifestyle
Messy	something or someone that isn't clean 
Messy	Opposite of clean and organized. Messy bedroom, car, home, locker, can be synonymous with clutter.
Messy	sloppy, dirty, nasty,
Messy	sticky,unclean, clothes everywhere, smelly, unhealthy
Messy	Spaghetti, nachos, doing dishes, laundry, drama,
Messy	room, car, handwritting
Messy	is a description, could describe a room
Messy	is a state of being, things all over the place, food spilled, clothes unfolded, papers everywhere, causes annoyance
Messy	state of being, slob, unkept, OCD, un organized, young, chores
Messy	untidy
Messy	not clean, laziness, dirty, not fresh, unorganized, chaotic, carelessness
Messy	to be unclean, littered, not picked up, unorganized
Messy	my room, my car, life, emotions, nephews, 
Messy	food everywhere, clothes all over the floor, hair after you wake up looks messy, messed up, chaois.
Messy	unorganized, my room, needs straightened,
Messy	An adjective decribing the state of a something. People most times describe their room as messy. 
Messy	clutered, unclean, dirty
Messy	slob, pig, dirty, gross, not clean, not a neat freak, dirty room, dirty car
Messy	room, house, yard, car, hair, person, table, 
Messy	drty
Messy	spilled, opposite of clean
Messy	unwanted, dirty, cluttered, unorganized, not clean
Messy	my room, my bathroom, my thoughts, parties, dogs, pets, babies, bbq
Messy	is untidy, describes a room, is a peronality trait, is undesirable
Messy	being unorganized or gross, being unhygienic, not a good thing to be, sloppy, "like a pig pen", 
Messy	uncleanmy room
Messy	lots of stuff, things everywhere, muddy
Messy	Slob
Messy	State of appearance, defined by clutter or things strewn about, considered a negative attribute, can refer to one's appearance. 
Messy	unorganized, can be a lifestyle that people choose to do, laziness
Messy	people who are unclean, do not pick up after themselves, they are seen as negative
Messy	not clean, unorganized, misplaced, gross, slob
Messy	unorganized books,scattered clothes
Messy	description, unorganized, hoarding
Messy	college dorms, dirty, dusty, cluttered
Messy	not clean, filth everywhere, very cluttered
Messy	untidy, my roommates side of the room
Messy	dirty, filthy, roommates, generally men, my sister, dogs, creative people
Messy	to be cluttered, unorganized, cannot find anything, descibes a area or a persons appearance
Messy	is dirty, slobs are messy, lazy, unsuccessful, not clean,
Messy	unorganized, not clean, have stuff thrown everywhere, not ideal, 
Messy	easily makes messes, not clean.
Messy	disorder, not organized
Messy	dorm rooms, kitchens, cars, closets, lockers
Messy	clothes on the floor, things everywhere, unorganized, goo everywhere
Messy	house, people, roads, lots of things everywhere, hair, 
Messy	dirty, unclean, everywhere
Messy	lousy, dirty, piles of clothes
Messy	not clean drity 
Messy	dirty, bathroom, trash, cluttered, spills
Messy	my room, hair, and car; stuff everywhere; unorderly; not necessarily dirty
Messy	dirty, kids, grime
Messy	cluttered. houses, bedrooms, classrooms often called messy
Messy	dirty, disaster, a procedure, a child, 
Messy	is how my room looks, is what my hair looks like when I wake up in the morning, is when things are in disarray, chaos, disorder, destruction.
Messy	unorganized
Messy	dirty
Messy	dirty, kids, dust, STD's
Messy	dirty, chaos, untidy, disorder
Messy	Gross, babies, dinner clean up, my room, my roommate, my bed, sloppy joes, finger paint. 
Messy	stuf everywhere, can't see under it, scattered, 
Messy	unclean, food, room
Messy	
Messy	dirty, unorganized
Nothing	You dont know anything, or maybe you have nothing to say.
Nothing	emptiness, void, to be without meaning or purpose.
Nothing	empty, non existant
Nothing	emptiness. can't be described. when you feel blank. having no meaning. 
Nothing	a void, emptyness, a black hole, a word poeple use when asked if something is wrong when it clearly is.
Nothing	Zero, Plain, Boring, Depressing, Empty, Pissed
Nothing	is a lack of something, a non-existence
Nothing	there is no thing in existence, no time, no places, no people, no living or dead thing
Nothing	nothing, no existing
Nothing	Opposite of something, used to describe something or a situation that is insignificant.
Nothing	emptiness, nothing exist
Nothing	boring, blank, dark, zero, empty, vacant
Nothing	Nonexistent, boring/bored, lazy, 
Nothing	sad, lonely, boring
Nothing	is not anything
Nothing	is nothing, the absence of something
Nothing	a statement, having nothing, poor, rich, invisible, transparent.
Nothing	absence
Nothing	zero, emptiness, no meaning, unimportant, blank,shutout
Nothing	is not a thing, may not exist. may not be correlated, one thing has nothing to do with the other
Nothing	emptiness, boredom
Nothing	non-existant, can't see it, no problem, blank paper, empty box.
Nothing	boring, blank, absence
Nothing	Implys that no information exists. 
Nothing	emptyness, blank, zip, nada
Nothing	empty, blank, gone
Nothing	there, happens, will be there, happened, will happen, did happen, is empty space, 
Nothing	nothing
Nothing	empty
Nothing	emptiness, 
Nothing	zero, ziltch, nada, blank space, black, white, empty, infinite, beginning, end
Nothing	emptiness, does not exist, cannot be seen, zero
Nothing	absence of something, empty space, zero, 
Nothing	Blank
Nothing	empty, 
Nothing	Empty
Nothing	a state of not being anything, emptiness, often regarded with hollow.
Nothing	used in sentences when someone ask you "What's up?"
Nothing	empty, represent with numeral 0, void
Nothing	empty, lonely, everything gone, blank, vanished, disappeared
Nothing	is the thought or appearance of no such thing, can not be broken down
Nothing	empty, blank, clear
Nothing	do not have anything, empty
Nothing	emptiness
Nothing	the absence of something
Nothing	space, lack of substance, nonexistence, nevermind, the opposite of something, 
Nothing	can be anything.
Nothing	is blank, boring, useless, wasted, 
Nothing	non existent, there is no object or feeling. can't feel anything, or see anything. 
Nothing	not anything. no thing.
Nothing	not anything, zero
Nothing	free, not needed
Nothing	blank
Nothing	everything, empty
Nothing	empty, gone, unimportant, 
Nothing	empty, space, air
Nothing	denoting the absence of something 
Nothing	non existant, bored
Nothing	the lack of something
Nothing	blank, bored
Nothing	emptiness. lost. no hope. no feeling.
Nothing	a point in someones live when they realize that's all they have, a loss for words, 
Nothing	emptiness, void, abyss, what I say when my boyfriend asks what is wrong.
Nothing	not anything reperable
Nothing	lifeless, empty, trash, empty
Nothing	blank, boring, empty
Nothing	emptiness, absence of something, lacking 
Nothing	Nada, silence, alone, naked, bare, empty rooms, no morals, depression, feeling sorry for yourself.
Nothing	not there, not seen, blank
Nothing	blank, white
Nothing	
Nothing	blank, 
Novice	An amateur
Novice	beginner, new, untrained, just starting out.
Novice	innocent, holy, 
Novice	the new person. just learning the ropes. unexperienced. not taken religious vows.
Novice	someone that is new to somehthing, someone that needs guided a long a path so that they can climb up the ranks, a rookie
Novice	Beginngers 
Novice	is young, is new
Novice	to be new at something, not experienced in a certain area
Novice	a beginner or newcomer
Novice	a beginner or some sort of new circumstances or situation
Novice	beginner, unexperienced
Novice	new, untrained, nervous
Novice	Inexperienced, beginner, untrained, starter,
Novice	religion
Novice	someone who is great, can describe an award
Novice	is someone that is new at something, a beginner, unskilled, freshman
Novice	begginer, un experianced, new to the situation
Novice	beginer
Novice	amateur, beginner, newcomer, rookie, starter, student to a certain concept
Novice	an amateur, a beginner, the first timer
Novice	new, inexperienced, amateur
Novice	a beginner, someone new to something, a rookie, someone starting a new sport without ever playing.
Novice	beginner, restrictions,
Novice	A notice or warning. A novice is often given in bank statements. 
Novice	beginner, newbie
Novice	really good at, a ranking
Novice	a beginner, someone new, young, new to the idea, doesn't know much about a subject, workout
Novice	....
Novice	rookie, new, inexperienced
Novice	new, not expert, not skilled yet, under supervision, 
Novice	new, unknowing, new to sports, new to gaming, noob, newbie, beginner
Novice	a person inexperienced in a situation, novice boxer, in a novice category, is used in sports, someone new to something 
Novice	a beginner, someone just starting out, not that good yet, term used in competitive situations like sports, video games, or even a job. 
Novice	Nothing
Novice	is new, has been converted, is religious
Novice	Inexperienced
Novice	something that is new, a trainee, inexperienced.
Novice	beginner, someone who is new, what the gaming community would call a "noob", 
Novice	inexperienced, low level, young, refers to skill level
Novice	is a beginner, new at what they do, unexperienced
Novice	inexpierenced
Novice	new, beginner, inexperienced 
Novice	new circumstance
Novice	
Novice	unsure
Novice	is a noob, is a greenie, is a kid usually, is someone that just started learning about a specific area of knowledge and usually sucks at it. 
Novice	N/A
Novice	is a beginner, rookie, hard to start something
Novice	new, beginner, just starting out, the lowest level,
Novice	a beginner
Novice	New or inexperienced, can refer to both people and animals
Novice	young, unintelligent, unlearned, new, bright future
Novice	beginner, don't know what to do, confused
Novice	new, first time, greenhand
Novice	new to
Novice	beginner, noobie
Novice	something that yopu are new to a beganer
Novice	beginner, freshmen, young people, trying something new
Novice	unexperienced
Novice	beginner
Novice	new to workplace. rookie.
Novice	A person not well skilled for the task at hand, is relatively new to what it is they're doing, everyone is one at some point
Novice	starts with an N, 
Novice	no idea
Novice	begginer, noob
Novice	beginer, new, clueless, nervous
Novice	new, inexperienced, low level of talent
Novice	Beginner, new at something, freshmen, nervous, scared, intimidated, fresh, first job. 
Novice	beginner, not experienced, new 
Novice	inexperienced, new, open-minded
Novice	
Novice	beginner, just starting out
Purple	The color of royalty
Purple	color, mixture of red and blue, feminine, contained on flowers. 
Purple	pretty, calming
Purple	is a color. bright. rainbow. coloring books and crayons. elementary school. 
Purple	Barney, my first car, flowers, is a color.
Purple	Dinosaur, Barney, Colors, Bed spread, Rainbow
Purple	is a color
Purple	is a secondary cool color, can range in saturation, has complementary colors, can range in shade, sometiems associated with royalty or homosexuality
Purple	One of several colors. Normally viewed as the royal color. 
Purple	One of the last colors in a rainbow, made by mixing red and blue.
Purple	violet
Purple	Harold and the Purple Crayon, color, royalty, prince, jewels, 
Purple	Color, Crayon, The Purple Burrito, 
Purple	color
Purple	color
Purple	is a color, is a mixture of blue and red, color of barney, color of plums, 
Purple	color, a feeling, an expresion, pigment with oil, a paint
Purple	color
Purple	color, some flowers are purple, plum, wine, bluish red,grapes are purple 
Purple	a color, can be thought of as effeminate, can be morose, ie a bruise or a dead body
Purple	royalty, color, lilac, Easter, new life
Purple	color of flowers, the minnesota vikings, the opposite of pink, a girl color, purple rain (prince).
Purple	color, grapes, rainbow, dark or light
Purple	a color. Purple is often times a girls color. 
Purple	a color, signifies royalty, pretty
Purple	color, mix blue and red, heart, plum, grape, eggplant, royalty, lilac, lavender
Purple	people eater, haze, nurple, gob stopper, grapefruit, grapes, shirt, shoes, shirt, underwear, poster,
Purple	soft
Purple	violet, barney, 
Purple	color, red and blue, violate, royalty, fancy
Purple	color, dark, light, enchanting, girls, hair, 
Purple	is a color, is complementary to yellow on the color wheel, can be made from red and blue
Purple	color, combination of blue and red, another word for violet, symbolized royalty, dark, in the rainbow, color of lavenders, color of eggplant, 
Purple	pinkwhiteblack
Purple	is a color, made of blue and red, in the rainbow, used to describe things
Purple	King and priest
Purple	a color of the rainbow, reflects majesty or royal nature, cool color, its opposite is yellow.
Purple	Being really cool, black people, is used to display a organization
Purple	a color, usually effeminate, used on awards, combination of red and blue, color of some flowers and exotic animals, denoted royalty in ancient times
Purple	is a color, there are different shades, mix of red and blue, color of tulips
Purple	is the dedicated color for relay for life, can be made from mixing blue and red, is known as the "gay" color, 
Purple	bruise, rainbow, color, blue and red, barney
Purple	royalty, rich color, beautiful, flowers, lilacs, gay rights
Purple	color of red and blue together, also violet
Purple	My favorite color, regal,calming
Purple	is a color, is a mix between red and blue, is technically just a blueish pink, goes together terribly with yellow, is the opposite of yellow, makes brown when mixed with yellow
Purple	a color found on many objects and places, variety of shades from burgandy to lavender
Purple	in between red and blue, a color, color of Gay activists, 
Purple	red and blue, barney, kstate color, girly, a color, paint
Purple	a color. made when you mix red and blue. brings out brown eyes. a color liked by girls and boys.
Purple	is a color, intermediate color, combination of the colors red and blue
Purple	calming, girly, color, wildcats
Purple	favorite color, color of barney, purple flowers smell great
Purple	color, common team color, grapes, flowers
Purple	color, egg plant, grapes, 
Purple	barney, darker color of pink
Purple	color, plums 
Purple	a color, bruise, Prince, Barney, flowers, hope
Purple	the color of my room; considered color of royalty; also considered color of lesbians; I am none of those, I just like the color; can be light, can be dark
Purple	color, shirt, rainbow
Purple	color. made by mixing blue and red. The color of the Minnesota Vikings. Color of many wild flowers.
Purple	is a color, the color of bruises, represents royalty, 
Purple	a color, a result of combing the two primary colors red and blue together, a secondary color, associated with royalty, the color of bruises, grapes, plums, 
Purple	a color that is a mix of red blue
Purple	color
Purple	color, flowers
Purple	basic color, made of red and blue, worn by royalty
Purple	Minnesota vikings, purple burrito, purple bruise, grapes, jelly, colors, rainbow.
Purple	pretty, barnie, flowers, Justin Beiber, girls color
Purple	pretty, color, girls
Purple	
Purple	barney, bruises, the color purple, 
Scared	A scary story, or movie, made you scared and now you cant go to bed.
Scared	emotion for survival, fight or flight response, normal for humans to feel.
Scared	frightened, terrified
Scared	is being afraid. fear. a bad situation. overcoming obstacles. getting through hardships. 
Scared	is a feeling someone gets when they don't like the situation they are faced with, happens when you watch scary movies, can be caused by things such as movies, feelings, people, tests, new things, moving away from your family, getting your first loan..etc. 
Scared	Frightened, Scary movies, Killers, Nervousness
Scared	is a feeling, frightened, it makes you shake
Scared	to feel afraid; can cause sweating, cold hands or feet, excellerated heart beat, and more, appears in horror films, affects people in war situations and other distasters
Scared	unhappy,anxiety, shaking. Certain's things that push you away "Fear"
Scared	An emotion one feels when they are out of their comfort zone.
Scared	frightened, afraid 
Scared	scary movies, Halloween, ghosts, goblins, zombies, dark, alleys, running, screams, 
Scared	Frightened, haunted house, Halloween, emotion, 
Scared	horrified, monsters, people, halloween
Scared	afraid, type of movie, halloween, gosts
Scared	is a state of being, when you're at a haunted house or watching a scary movie or being chased by a killer
Scared	stae of mind, feeling, cowardess, courage, dark, light, fear
Scared	frightened
Scared	to be in fear of something, anxiety, causes adrenaline rush,startle, to cause terror
Scared	is to be afraid. causes a physiological response. is an emotion 
Scared	fear, danger
Scared	afraid of the dark, nervous, someone who doesn't like something (clowns, ghosts), phobias, won't fly on airplanes.
Scared	fearful, movies, nightmares, heart beat is faster, breathing faster, scream, jump, run away
Scared	A state of mind. When scary things occur, people tend to be scared. 
Scared	is an emotion, means to feel afraid or frightened
Scared	terrified, feeling, bad experience, Halloween, haunted houses, ghosts, fear, scary, nightmares
Scared	isnt fun, emotion, away, child, adult, 
Scared	afraid
Scared	frightened, in fear, horrified
Scared	frightened, intimidated 
Scared	horror, dark, halloween, worried, anxious, dread, haunted house, movie, alone, sad,
Scared	is a feeling, is associated with movies, is associated with visuals, can cause shaking, can cause shortage of breath, creates the desire to have company
Scared	being frightened, heart rate goes up, adrenaline goes up, want to scream or cry, want to escape, a feeling when you are faced with a near death situation or something that is going to make your life bad.  
Scared	runningscreamingcrying
Scared	is afraid, is an emotion, 
Scared	Terrified
Scared	state of fear or terror, a feeling of unease, used for things that make one afraid, the feeling horror filmmakers want out of an audience, causes people to freeze up.
Scared	lose of courage, can run away, can stop you in your tracks, 
Scared	those with a strong emotional reaction of worry, 
Scared	frightening feeling, Halloween time, in scary movies, ghosts, haunted houses, being attacked, is an emotion
Scared	during halloween, at night, scary movies, murders, abuse
Scared	feeling, nervous, jumpy, fright, death
Scared	horror movies, Halloween, demons, ghosts, zombies, Frankenstein, Dracula
Scared	frightened
Scared	to be physically or mentally frightened of something or an idea of something
Scared	fear, sweat, jumpy, frightened, anxiety, adrenaline, fright, halloween, whimpering animals
Scared	frightened, different people scare from different things, makes you scream or your skin crawl
Scared	often associated on Halloween, scared when watching a movie, screaming, yelling, urinated when scared, 
Scared	frightened, ghosts, monsters, little kids get scared, halloween, scary movies
Scared	Feeling fear.
Scared	Is an emotion, the experience of fear, being frightened
Scared	Afraid, fear, dark, monsters, movies, killing, murders, weapons, phobia 
Scared	afraid, screetch noise, open mouth, the dark, 
Scared	jumpy, ghosts, haunted houses, halloween, zombies, vampires, werewolves
Scared	afraid of spiders, clowns, death, something your uncomfortable with
Scared	goosebumps, frightened, nervous
Scared	a feeling to be frithin
Scared	screaming, when someone jumps out on you, heart pounding
Scared	an emotion of fear; increased heart beat; some people are afraid to be scared
Scared	fear, running, horror movies
Scared	freightened. startled. afraid. don't want to be alone. 
Scared	something has happened once that has affected you the second time, brings on worry and anxiety, something that can be overcome
Scared	a feeling of terror, horror, unsettling, uneasyness, uncomfortable
Scared	being scaraed or frightened
Scared	hell
Scared	Halloween, ghost, darkness, creepers
Scared	filled with terror, alarm, frightening 
Scared	Nervous, shaking, trembling, anxious, scary movies, startled, violence, uncomfortable. 
Scared	characteristic, pee your pants, scream, trembling, comes out when you spooked
Scared	frightened, shake, teeth chatter
Scared	
Scared	state of mind, monsters, death, fear
Seatbelt	Must put ur seatbelt on when you are in a car.  It protects you.
Seatbelt	protection, annoyance, necessary, successful in saving lives, very important, the law.
Seatbelt	important, saves lives, smart choice
Seatbelt	is a safety device in vehicles. can save a life. used for protection in case of an accident. 
Seatbelt	a life saver, a form of protection, something that is designed to keep you alive in the event of a wreck, something you should always wear, is made of cloth, goes around your waist, shoulder, and chest, clips into an object..
Seatbelt	Saves lives, Safety, Uncomfortable
Seatbelt	is an object, it protects, it prevents from accidents, it comes on cars, it comes on airplanes
Seatbelt	part of a car, strip of material that goes across a person's chest and wasit to keep a he or she from breaking through the flying out of a car in the event of a sudden stop or accident, have saved lives and caused deaths, 
Seatbelt	Something that protects you in the car. Holds you down in you're seat.
Seatbelt	In a car, used for safety, not wearing one is against the law, mechanically easy to use, can she lives in accidents, can also create minor injuries in accidents.
Seatbelt	safety, law, a band that is needed to help protect you during an accident
Seatbelt	safety, cars, accidents, protection, cops, arrested, jail, 
Seatbelt	Safety, car, law, 
Seatbelt	car, safety
Seatbelt	safety, cars, trucks, save lives
Seatbelt	is a safety device, used in cars and other vehicles, is usually grey, protects from death
Seatbelt	safety, cars, rules, police, surviving
Seatbelt	safty
Seatbelt	for means of protection in seat, saftey mechanism in vehicles and rollercoasters, buckled down, restraining device, lapbelt
Seatbelt	first instituted by Ford motor company, a safety harness
Seatbelt	safety, law, fine, important, cars
Seatbelt	safety, saves lives, in cars, goes across chest, on every seat.
Seatbelt	safety, in a car, illegal not to wear it, driving, 
Seatbelt	A device that protects people from harm when in a car. Lives are lost every year by people who don't wear seatbelts. 
Seatbelt	is part of a car, used for protecion, made out of a type of cloth
Seatbelt	car, driving, click it or ticket, noise in the car, safety, ticket, saves lives, airplanes, race cars, go karts, roller coasters
Seatbelt	save lives, are required by law, don't hurt you, are different colors, are different sizes
Seatbelt	life saving
Seatbelt	protection, safety, life saving, keeps from moving around while driving,
Seatbelt	Safe, in car/truck, sitting in a chair while using, found in amusement parks, many styles
Seatbelt	car, accidents, safe but dangerous, children, wreck, saves lifes, car seat, 
Seatbelt	is inside cars, protects the item or person it is surrounding, is on buses, is a law to be wearing one, injuries occur more without it, is usually gray, can have covers, have metal pieces on the end, is used by all ages, can be automatic, 
Seatbelt	a strap that keeps you safe in a vehicle, stops you from moving forward, made of some woven material, usually gray or black, connects with a buckle, can hurt you, 
Seatbelt	accidentsblack
Seatbelt	in a car, is gray, restrains people, 
Seatbelt	Safety
Seatbelt	safety precaution in a car, can lead to ticketing if not used, reinforced use by incessant noise if not buckled in. 
Seatbelt	safety, saving lives, annoyance
Seatbelt	found in cars, used for saftey, made of nylon, buckles, law to use, 
Seatbelt	is in a car, used for safety, is long, usually black, has a buckle, clicks in, on a rollarcoaster, keeps you in place
Seatbelt	saves lives during car accidents, is required by law, not very comfortable
Seatbelt	safety, ticket, buckle
Seatbelt	saves lives, in vehicles, people don't wear these to be "cool"
Seatbelt	saves lives, belt fastened at the hip
Seatbelt	can save lives, you should wear it, can recieve ticket if you don't wear it
Seatbelt	safety, crash test dummies, something used to keep people from flying out of windshields, "always where your seatbelt" one of the rules of the zombie apocalypse.
Seatbelt	protection, found in vehicles, straps us in to secure us in case of crash, range of colors depending on vehicles interior
Seatbelt	are safe, useful, helpful, in cars, in airplanes, putting on a seatbelt is a habit 
Seatbelt	wear it, keeps you safe, in cars, in trucks, in planes, in trains, thin, 
Seatbelt	something that you wear in a car for safety. it goes across your chest.
Seatbelt	used by people, is in most vehicles, is in airplanes, keeps people safe, required by law to wear them 
Seatbelt	safety, security, live saving
Seatbelt	grey, annoying to wear, safety first, always important
Seatbelt	gray, protective, in my truck, save lives
Seatbelt	in vehicles, can save lives, 
Seatbelt	safety, good, 
Seatbelt	a safty harness it is in cars prevents death 
Seatbelt	safety, cars, buckle, traffic, speeding, crashes, accidents, 
Seatbelt	suppose to be worn while in a vehicle; can save your life; makes me feel safer
Seatbelt	restraint, cars, wrecks, blinking light, 
Seatbelt	Life saver. Belt in car used to keep you in place if you were to get in an accident.
Seatbelt	is annoying, life saver, has an awful buzzer when you are not using it, 
Seatbelt	an apperatus that keeps you strapped down in a car, can also be used on a rollercoaster, made of cloth, usually black, has a metal latch on the end, if you don't where your seatbelt you can get a ticket.
Seatbelt	when in a car something you cross over your body to keep you safe
Seatbelt	Safe, baby
Seatbelt	safety, car, accidents, life saver, long, strechy
Seatbelt	used for safety in a vehicle, straps you in, keeps you still in a car crash
Seatbelt	Safety, cars, life, "click it or ticket", hot in the summer, airbags, accidents, ambulance, crash.
Seatbelt	protection, across the body, black, not always comfortable, there for you, don't use at own risk
Seatbelt	safety, in car, comfortable, saves lives, grey, crosses body
Seatbelt	
Seatbelt	safety, in a car, prevents some injuries in an accident
Space	Sometimes people need space from others.  Or you need to put a space in between sentences.
Space	emptiness, void, filled with stars and other planets, final frontier,
Space	planets, stars, moon, sun, galaxy
Space	empty. the universe. science. matter and gravity. 
Space	an area that is still very new to people, an area that is constantly being explored, where planets, and the sun is. 
Space	Planets, Bar, Stars, Sentences, Milky way, Galaxy 
Space	is an extension, a break, a gap, a recess, where the planets are located at, a key on the computer keyboard
Space	can refer to outerspace with planets, stars, no oxygen or gravity, the universe, aliens, space shuttles, moons, black holes; can refer to surrounding area, space can be taken up by objects, can be measured as too little or too much open or cramped space
Space	contains planets, galaxies, ect
Space	Can be describing an area of emptiness or outer space which house planets, stars, etc.
Space	room, orbit, galaxies
Space	stars, planet, spaceships, aliens, moon, sun, pluto, astronauts, astroid, shooting star
Space	No air, black, empty, void, endless, mysterious, 
Space	forever expanding, cold, far, scary, aliens, planets, stars
Space	could be used to describe outer space, the amount of room, 
Space	is what is above us, has many stars and planets, beautiful
Space	a void, cold, dark, emptyness, contains allot of nothing
Space	area, glexcy
Space	free area in between solid objects, not crammed, loose, planets and solar system, open air, freedom, open land
Space	is a void, implies a lack of matter
Space	the moon, stars, international space station, NASA, Apallo, Aliens 
Space	room between two things, outer space, gap between peoples teeth, room in a closet.
Space	room, blank, has stars, has planets, has moons, infinite, 
Space	Space concerns how much room a certain thing has. an example would be there was not enough space in the room.
Space	area surrouding something
Space	between words, bar on computers, outer, planets, NASA
Space	is above the earth, is where the sun is located, is everywhere we look, does include light and dark, can have emptiness, can be full, can be solid, can be liquid
Space	apart
Space	an open area, room,
Space	emptiness, unused area, outside of the atmosphere, 
Space	nothing, black, stars, vacuum, planets, big bang, sun, moons, asteroids, astronaut, space shuttle, space station, 
Space	can be an area that is free, can be an area that is occupied, can describe the air above us
Space	the cosmos with stars and other planets, the last frontier, might have aliens, a mysterious place, scientists are researching it, also can be your own personal bubble the area around you, 
Space	NASAMoonPlanetsStars
Space	has stars, planets, has no gravity
Space	Stars
Space	an area, can be occupied or unoccupied, fluctuates on the whatever the referrer is indicating, can mean the area surrounding Earth that contains stars and celestial bodies.
Space	aliens, outer-space, alone time, rockets, astronauts, 
Space	area to work in, a place to put thing, the second heaven, associated with stars and other planets, void of matter, place that is unoccupied by something else, 
Space	solar system, where astranouts go, solar system, stars, moon, empty, roomy, space bar on a keyboard
Space	is outside of the earth,
Space	stars, planets, gravity
Space	never ending, galaxies, other life forms
Space	stars, planets, universe, beyond understanding
Space	conceptual, doesn't really exist
Space	SPAAAAAAAAACE! I'm in space! Portal 2! Where there is a lack of stuff. Basically. 
Space	the concept of the area an object takes up, infinite and not completely understood. also a word used for the area outside our world, describes the universe
Space	is huge, full of planets, solar system, astronauts, NASA explores, 
Space	outerspace, planets, room to do or put something, stars, area, 
Space	it could be the area around you, or up in the atmosphere.
Space	The amount of room in an area
Space	empty, needs filled, lonely, clean, no oxygen
Space	white, empty, everywhere
Space	infinite, black, stars, planets, moons, galaxies, universe 
Space	no gravity, need to be alone, the stars and planets, somewhere with nothing in it, seperate from others, 
Space	spacebar on keyboard, galaxies, stars, planetary system
Space	nothing there empty dark cold
Space	planets, astronaut, NASA, space shuttles, stars, moon
Space	too much to think about (outer space); or the lack of something
Space	outer space, aliens, spaceships
Space	infinate universe. explored by astronauts.
Space	is endless, vast, frontier, a program that was canceled, has lead to most of our greatest technological advances
Space	is outside of the earth's atmosphere, is the area that is not being occupied by anything, is where other planets are
Space	solar system
Space	outer, planet, stars
Space	open, clean, moon, planets, rockets, stars, sun
Space	openness, unlimited area, separation
Space	Aliens, astronaut, the moon, orbiting, spaceship, space rocket, floating, no oxygen, no gravity.
Space	dark, stars, big, planets, astronauts, space ship, moon
Space	empty, air, area
Space	
Space	stars, aliens, planets milky way
Spanish	Yo estoy Bien.  A foreign language
Spanish	Language of Mexico and Spain, a romance language, becoming more prominent in U.S., also being from Spain, having Hispanic ethnicity. 
Spanish	foreign, confusing
Spanish	is a language. Spain. Brazil. Mexico. high school class. rice. food. brown hair and brown eyed people. 
Spanish	a language that is becoming more commonly spoken, a culture of people who love dancing and taking naps, that have delicious food,
Spanish	Confusing, High school, Mexico
Spanish	is a language, people who is originally from Spain, is taught in school
Spanish	a language used mostly in South America, has many different dialects, can be studied in school, is very similar to romance languages
Spanish	a foreign language found in Mexico and Spain 
Spanish	A language developed in Spain and used by Hispanics, known as a love language
Spanish	espanol
Spanish	mexico, spain, rice, tacos, sombreros, buildings, language, colors, pinata, dia de los muertos, 
Spanish	Spain, Mexico, foreign language, California, Texas, 
Spanish	language, food, culture
Spanish	is a language, can be a type of food, can be a type of music
Spanish	is a language, used in Mexico and Spain, similar to English
Spanish	ios a language, a culture, a diverse people, form of communication
Spanish	langauge, hispanic
Spanish	foriegn,different language, Latin, heavily spoken in U.S, poorer country
Spanish	the land of Spain, a major country in Europe. a language. has many regional dialects. 
Spanish	Mexico, Spain, spicy, dangerous, drugs
Spanish	mexico, spain, latin people, burritos, tacos, cinco de mayo, drug war, cancun, tan people.
Spanish	foreign language, confusing, hard to understand, mexico, spain, south american countries, 
Spanish	A language. Secondary language in America
Spanish	language used by hispanic people
Spanish	language, high school class, Mexico, Spain, mexican restaurants, espanol, el, la, gracias, de nada
Spanish	speaker, food, drinks, rug, lifestyle, name, dog, house, architecture, conquistador, bull, matador, weather
Spanish	heritage, how people live
Spanish	mexican, spain, mexico, foreign language
Spanish	Language, country, race of people, conquistadors, European country, 
Spanish	hard to learn, don't understand, mexican food, mexico, texas, work, 
Spanish	is a language, is an ethnicity, describes people from Spain, is spoken in America, is a course offered in most colleges
Spanish	language spoken by hispanic people, name for people from Spain, associated with foods like tacos and things with a lot spice, associated with risk taking or romantic (Bull fighting and tango) Foreign 
Spanish	LatinoEnglish
Spanish	fluent language, is from spain, taught in schools
Spanish	Impossible
Spanish	race, language, European, made impacts as conquistadors in Americas, slight lisp in accent.
Spanish	a language, mexican people use this to communicate
Spanish	foreign language, type of rice, type of ethnicity
Spanish	is a foriegn language, is spoke by Mexicans, uncommon in the U.S., used in many other countries
Spanish	is a language, used by mexican ethnicity
Spanish	language, Spain, Mexican, food
Spanish	a beautiful language, heritage, many different forms of verbs
Spanish	language, type of ethnicity
Spanish	language, difficult, spoken fast
Spanish	Me gusta, tacos, chalupas, cortez, chupa-thingy, lopez, mexico, spain, dancing, dresses, cinco de mayo
Spanish	a type of language dominant in spain, mexico, and south american countries, easy to learn, verbs are interchangable and depend on who you talk about in the sentence
Spanish	is difficult, useful, is a language, originated in Spain, is becoming a secondary language in the US,
Spanish	different language, Spain, Costa Rica, foreign countries, a lot of students take this class
Spanish	a language. spoke mainly in spain. is becoming more popular in the united states.
Spanish	is a language, people from spain
Spanish	language, culture, hard to understand
Spanish	another language, hard to learn, Mexicans, tacos, south America, Spain,
Spanish	language, people, food, culture
Spanish	another language, another culture
Spanish	mexican, burritos, tacos, sombrero
Spanish	langue from the southener region of the US
Spanish	Mexico, language, foreign, Spain, ethnicity
Spanish	an interesting language; a culture; me gusta
Spanish	foreign language, mexico, 
Spanish	foreign language of many South American countries. Second most common language in America.
Spanish	a language, spoken by many people in Spain, Mexico, and America, 
Spanish	Is a language, is spoken by Mexicans, is spoken by Spaniards, can be spoken by other nationalities, is something from Spain.
Spanish	language spoke in several countires like mexico spain etc
Spanish	foreign
Spanish	mexico, class, rice, cinco de mayo, taco bell
Spanish	a language spoken, Latino, fast, difficult to learn
Spanish	Spanglish, latin america, language, fluent, accents, translating, loud, confusing, fast. 
Spanish	Mexico, Spain, hot, easy to learn
Spanish	languange, in America, difficult
Spanish	
Spanish	language, south america, mexico, spain, somewhat difficult to learn
Television	All my favorite tv shows.  
Television	news source, time wasting, entertaining, relaxing, technological marvel.
Television	reality, cooking channel, MTV, funny, amusing
Television	is an appliance. mindless. pointless. unproductive. entertaining. something to do. square. static. loud. 
Television	an important part of society today. can be big, small, flat, portable..box shaped, containing many complex parts and wires inside the box, runs on electricity, is an appliance, a place where pictures move to create a movie or a show, can be made of multiple things, found typically in a living room, used for family time, to drown your sorrows, to pass time..etc.
Television	Grey's Anatomy, Bedtime, Sports, Lazy
Television	is an object, is entertaining, it makes noise, it has images, it has a lot of different sizes, it comes from many different brands
Television	watched by people, displays shows, has a screen, several different types of televisions, has antenna, can play movies, can record shows and movies, has a volume adjustment, has different channels
Television	a "box" like device that previews movies, shows, etc
Television	can be square or flat, can have black/white or colored pictures, has sounds and settings, shows a recorded motion picture
Television	tube, set ,channels,entertainment,movies,shows
Television	cartoons, actors, shows, actresses, sports, news, game shows, comedy 
Television	Electronic, pass-time, LCD, common, 
Television	actors, writers, producers, fun
Television	is something you watch, is used for entertainment, is technology
Television	is an electronic device, has moving pictures on the screen, shows tv shows
Television	runs on electricity, gives entertainment, educational sometimes, used to give news
Television	shows
Television	can be used for movies or shows, can be a source of news, technology, highly used in today's world, ran off electric. types include HD, plama. cable 
Television	a media device. a major societal shift. is bad for kids. an incredible invention misused. a detriment to modern culture
Television	fun, bored, NCIS, me time, relaxation, news
Television	mtv, espn, comedy central, actors and actresses, movies, big screen tv's, high definition.
Television	color, has channels, has volume, shows, watch movies,
Television	A media device used for picture projection. People use a television is watch shows and games. 
Television	TV, used to watch programms and movies
Television	TV, shows, news, satellite, cable, DVR, big screens, plasma, 3D, movies, DVD, video games, remote, channels, HD
Television	is fun to watch, show, jersey shore, the simpsons, king of the hill, family guy, was invented in the 20th century, has improved, keeps people entertained
Television	watchable, entertaining
Television	entertainment, something to watch, provides news, 
Television	entertainment, shows, sports, 
Television	tv, cartoons, movies, cable, sattelite, soap opera, ratings, sports center, spongebob, zombies, 
Television	is used for advertising, receives broadcast signals, is electronic, can be portable, used for entertainment, runs on electricity
Television	electronic device, has a screen and is a square or rectangle shape, made of metal and plastic, used for entertainment, can show TV shows or movies or video games, costs a lot of money, almost every house has one, associated with laziness or stupidity  
Television	TVCartoons
Television	has signals, is entertaining, is solid, is heavy, has buttons
Television	Moving pictures
Television	receiver monitor that brings programming to your viewing area, kills brain cells, entertaining.
Television	broadcasting, actors, the news, has thousands of channels, fame, 
Television	Found in homes, used for recreation, has buttons, usually black, has a screen, paired with a remote, makes noise, has color, can have different types of screens, often expensive, things watched on TV
Television	you watch it, shows play on it, movies play on it, see commercials and ads, entertainment for many people, informative for some, many different sizes, in most homes, must plug it in
Television	is where cartoons are played, is entertainment
Television	electronic, cartoon, show
Television	lots of channels, has a remote, bonding time, sports, comedy
Television	shows moving pictures, shows sporting events and news, large box
Television	shows, commercials, news, HDTV
Television	old tech, crt screens, lcd HD tv, TV plasma, LED, radioshack, best buy, xbox, comedy central, myth busters, Colbert Report, is something i don't watch often
Television	a retangular object you can turn on and off broadcasts different shows ranging from sitcoms, to movies, to cartoons. organized by channels, controlled by a remote. usually found in living room or bedroom
Television	is addictive, is stupid, is fun to watch sometimes, is a box of information, i
Television	can be large, small, flatscreen, colored, has a lot of channels, watch it, 
Television	where you watch shows, movies, etc.
Television	Is a source of entertainment, runs on electricity, used to watch shows and movies
Television	ESPN, MTV, satellite, Flat scree, HD
Television	makes people fat, very colorful, large and thin, catches a lot of attention
Television	good shows, black, thin, LCD
Television	entertainment, 
Television	plasma TV, celebrities
Television	moives games entertament
Television	movies, shows, entertainment, fun, family time
Television	a box with a lot of boring or interesting stuff to watch on it; wasting our youth
Television	tv shows, box, electric,
Television	time consumer. box that allows you to see different medias.
Television	used to relay news and information, a visual image, replaced the radio, 
Television	a box, a screen where programs are watched
Television	a device you can turn on and watch
Television	watch, weekly
Television	shows, entertainment
Television	an electronic device, used for entertainment, measured in inches, runs on electricity
Television	game shows, prime time, reality television, advertisements, remote control, family, movies, cable.
Television	shows, sports, box, large, tiny, flat, 
Television	shows, movies, entertainment
Television	
Television	tv, shows, mtv, nick, disney, bigscreen, flatscreen
Virtue	Something that you hold a high standards
Virtue	is positive personality or beliefs, having good morals
Virtue	quality, values, aspect
Virtue	is a trait people have. philosophy. doing what is right. living a good life. can be religious. 
Virtue	is important, is unique to an individual, depends on who the person was raised, depends on the environment the person was raised in, is something someone lives by or has a goal towards.
Virtue	Silence, Belief, Important
Virtue	is a quality, a value, is a honor, habit of doing good, moral exellence
Virtue	is a moral demonstrated by people, means to be good, act good, do nice things for others without expecting thanks
Virtue	Special to you
Virtue	Something that is important to someone
Virtue	honesty, truth, nobleness
Virtue	righteous, smart, personal
Virtue	A good quality, something to respect,
Virtue	values, morale standard
Virtue	bible, something to live by, patience is a virtue
Virtue	is something that some people have, good values
Virtue	good will, chivalry, honest, knights
Virtue	integrity
Virtue	value,worth,character,ethic,faith
Virtue	is something good in a persons character. patience, responsibility, and leadership are all positive virtues 
Virtue	honor, value, morals
Virtue	The ability to perform a task, someones desire to do something, courage, never giving up.
Virtue	character, integrity, 
Virtue	something that a person values and holds close to heart while living their life.
Virtue	is a form of moral excellence, it is good to have
Virtue	morals, patience, responsibility, respect, perseverance, character traits
Virtue	ambition, can be good, can be bad
Virtue	connecting
Virtue	virtual
Virtue	ethics, what is right, the good guys, what should be done
Virtue	ethics, moral excellence, positive trait, good people, 
Virtue	high morals, a quality, merit
Virtue	your attributes, usually your goodness or integrity. Being proper and natural, reminds me of the girls in Jane Austen novels. 
Virtue	GodPureReligion
Virtue	has goodess, is moral, 
Virtue	Vulture
Virtue	a moral, something that is highly regarded and employed or lived up to by people.
Virtue	is a moral value, determines right or wrong
Virtue	something deemed to be good to have, a type of moral quality.
Virtue	is a positive trait, ethical principles, moral principles
Virtue	good or bad morals
Virtue	moral, good, standard, thought
Virtue	goodness, conform, admirable, chasity
Virtue	fortune, fate
Virtue	a sense of being
Virtue	quality, patience, chivalry, religion, piety, being the normal animal instinct, 
Virtue	the good in a person
Virtue	is a belief and a lifestyle, virtues can be found in the bible, 
Virtue	good, morally right, desirable
Virtue	it's a perception.it's a prize/ reward.
Virtue	A positive trait, thought to be morally good
Virtue	something you have or you don't, passion, drives you to do something, positive effect on a person
Virtue	know
Virtue	individualized 
Virtue	morals
Virtue	excellence, good, righteousness, 
Virtue	good morals to be a good person 
Virtue	honesty, innocent, young, good person
Virtue	not quite sure of actual definition; heard when someone get's married, "by the virture vested in me..."
Virtue	virginity, 
Virtue	chastity. virginity.
Virtue	is honor, in a person, not something you can see physically,
Virtue	virginity, honesty, wholesome
Virtue	no idea
Virtue	fact
Virtue	good, nice, care 
Virtue	 high morality, goodness, righteousness
Virtue	Morals, values, virtuous, valuable, excellence, succeeding, ethics, respect. 
Virtue	something a person is called to do, requires passion
Virtue	gift, from God, 
Virtue	
Virtue	morality, future, what it might be
Wear	You wear clothes everyday.
Wear	to have on, clothes, hats, coats, shoes, socks, shirts, pants, also to get old and fall apart. 
Wear	clothes, cute shoes, boots, dresses, earrings
Wear	describes things you put on your body. clothes. shoes. hats. socks. 
Wear	a person can wear clothes, so can aminals. Cars can be worn down, so can people.
Wear	Clothing, Shoes, Condoms, Underwear, Make up, Blankets
Wear	used, old, secondhand
Wear	to wear clothes, jewelery, shoes, make-up; people wear things; people dress dolls and animals, to wear a frown is to have an angry expression on one's face; to wear victory well is to handle a win with grace
Wear	To put an object/item on your body. Ex: people "wear" clothes when they are out in public.
Wear	Using or doing something so often that it "wears" or breaks down. Also can mean putting on some sort of clothing.
Wear	clothes, things that you put on your body,
Wear	clothes, shoes, watches, hats, 
Wear	Clothes, put on, 
Wear	t-shirt, jeans, shoes, socks, backpack, watch, jewelry, sunglasses
Wear	clothes, can describe use of something
Wear	you wear clothes, boots, shoes, socks, hats, gloves, things can get "wear and tear"
Wear	an action of preservation, clothing, disguise
Wear	clothing
Wear	clothing, somthing that is put on over someone or something, could be used for protection of heat and cold, 
Wear	Wear is an act, ie to wear an article of clothing, to put on an a pair of jeans is to wear them. wear can also be a reduction in the quality of an item
Wear	clothing, tear, old, used
Wear	wear cloths, wear hats, wear sunglasses, wear shoes, wear pants, wear a watch.
Wear	clothes, glasses, socks, shoes, hats, undergarments, costume, 
Wear	To have on your person. Peaple wear hats, gloves, shoes, etc. 
Wear	clothing that you put on your body
Wear	Clothes, hats, shoes, to keep warm, to stay cool, support a team, to support a cause, to dress up, to look good
Wear	a tie, a shirt, shorts, jeans, underwear, bracelet, shoes, face paint, a hat, gel, socks, a jacket, a hoody, a coat, long johns, a jersey, long sleeve t-shirt, and tear
Wear	to put on
Wear	clothing, putting something on
Wear	to put on, clothing, stylishness 
Wear	clothing, accesories, makeup, shoes, naked, nice clothes, materials, denim, cotton, wool, silk, nothing,
Wear	clothing, is on your body, describes condition
Wear	having something cover you like clothes or accessories or a facial expression, stuff on your body, 
Wear	clothestowelsheets
Wear	to carry, on the body, usually clothing
Wear	Clothes
Wear	damage or lesser quality description for goods, verb for what someone puts on their body as clothing.
Wear	putting on clothes, accessories, 
Wear	clothing, paraphernalia, marketing equipment, worn by fans, 
Wear	to put something on, clothing, accessories, keeps you covered
Wear	clothes, pins, make up, jewelry, shoes
Wear	clothes, shoes, warmth, cool
Wear	clothing, first impression, style
Wear	show age, worn down
Wear	to put something on you body
Wear	bear? clothing. something we do to clothes. something lady gaga does to meat. 
Wear	to cover you body, items of clothing, shoes, jewelry, different seasonal selections
Wear	you wear a mask when fake, you wear clothes: sunglasses, coats, sweaters, pants, jeans, shorts
Wear	clothes, hats, shoes, put it on, socks
Wear	the act of having someting on you, you wear clothes.
Wear	Result from being used frequently, damage to something
Wear	tear, warmth, clothes
Wear	clothes, lots means very warm, stylish
Wear	clothes, tshirts, jackets,on the body
Wear	put on your body some way, clothes, jewlery, 
Wear	clothes, swim suits, suits, shoes, 
Wear	shows use to have somthing on 
Wear	clothing, used, tear
Wear	an action for putting something on your body; wear clothes to be warm, cool, or fashionable
Wear	clothing, wear and tear, what not to wear
Wear	clothing. what you put on for clothing today.
Wear	process of putting on clothes or coats, erosion, 
Wear	clothing, something that goes on you, can be practical or fashionable
Wear	putting something on
Wear	clothes
Wear	clothes
Wear	to put on, to bear, to deteriorate 
Wear	Clothes, bear wear, weathering, wearing, jewelry, shoes, 'wear your heart on your sleeve."
Wear	clothes, glasses, hats, keeps you warm
Wear	clothes, durable, hats, people do this everyday
Wear	
Wear	clothes, wear and tear, 
Willing	You are willing to give something a try.
Willing	wanting to do something, obliging someones desires.
Willing	ready, easy, open minded
Willing	is a trait people express when doing certain things. agrees to do something. free spirited. accepting. easily influenced. wanting to do something. 
Willing	able to do something, wanting to do somethings, willing an object to someone or something. 
Willing	Nice, Caring, Easy
Willing	is wanting to do something, is being good, is don't saying no
Willing	to be do something of your own free will, can be happy to do something or not 
Willing	The desiring to do something. The "will" to do something
Willing	Capable of doing something and possibly volunteering to do it
Willing	not opposed to, will do without being forced
Willing	capable, excited, ready
Willing	Consensual, 
Willing	chances, mistakes, goals
Willing	wanting to do
Willing	someone will do something, they have the capability and want to
Willing	participate, take a chance, stepping forward, giving in, going with the group
Willing	offering
Willing	intent, insist, command, able and worthy of accomplishing, request for someone to do and, accepting of command
Willing	to be open to some thing
Willing	consent, not forced
Willing	doing something without being asked, being nice, offers to do, gives up time to do, caring.
Willing	volunteer,
Willing	A term describing the effort put out. Example: The person was willing to help. 
Willing	is a feeling, wanting to act, capable of helping and then actually helping
Willing	to do something, wanting, needing, to give in
Willing	to do anything, to stay with you, to help, to become better, to work anytime, to make money, to make friends
Willing	putting effort
Willing	wants to do something, open
Willing	wanting to do something, not forced
Willing	will do, easy, persuaded, ready, prepared, eager, obedience, happy to do it.
Willing	readily doing a task, volunteering, prepared to do something
Willing	you want to do something, you are okay with a situation, being ready, 
Willing	hardworkingdetermined
Willing	is ready, is cheerful, has power to do as you please
Willing	Able
Willing	something that wants to do something, an intended doing.
Willing	giving in, weak, thoughtful, needy
Willing	people who have the desire to do something
Willing	wanting to help, open minded, experimental
Willing	being helpful
Willing	able, easy
Willing	do anything
Willing	you will do something, no regrets, no objection
Willing	wanting to do something without being told
Willing	to do this?, if you will it it shall be done, does nothing unless you put forth effort
Willing	a persons want to do something with having to, 
Willing	your own choice, cannot blame anyone else 
Willing	no problem doing something, help others, help do something, not combative
Willing	how "willing" you are to do something.willingness, likely hood of doing something.people can be willing or not willing.
Willing	agreeing to do something
Willing	Positive, Effort, Gets stuff done
Willing	giving consent, not necessarily want to, able to do so
Willing	wanting to do, will do for acceptance, 
Willing	to do something by your own choice
Willing	thankful, nice, good, forgiving
Willing	to do somthing 
Willing	helping, volunteering, able
Willing	wanting to do something either by choice or not
Willing	accepting, allowing, willing to work
Willing	not required to, but will do out of respect
Willing	is trying, is a sacrifice, an offer
Willing	the state of being where a person volutarily does something, wishing, hoping, influencing
Willing	accepting the temptation to do something
Willing	helpful
Willing	giving, caring, helping, volunteeing, wanting
Willing	inclined, consent
Willing	Favors, friends, unwilling, forgiving, helping, thoughtful, empathy, relationships, compassionate. 
Willing	will do anything, can't say no
Willing	able, wanting, giving
Willing	
Willing	wanting to do something, 
Zone	Auto-Zone the car part store. Or traffic zone
Zone	is an area or region
Zone	certain area, space
Zone	in the zone. sports. working zones. road work. 
Zone	there are air zones, parking zones, fire zones..etc, a place that constricuts something
Zone	Auto, Twilight, Caution, Day dream
Zone	is an area, a region, a surface on the planet, is a range
Zone	a specific area of space, a state of mind, a technique used in sports such as basketball, often used with street signs or  constuction work
Zone	an area that something is in. 
Zone	Area used for something specific
Zone	area,location
Zone	defense, attack, area 
Zone	Area, zone defense, Twilight Zone, "in the zone",
Zone	time, area, state of mind
Zone	in the zone, used in sports
Zone	is an area, usually mapped off by something
Zone	a specific area, restricted
Zone	concentate
Zone	area, mind set, region,sector, segment, territory
Zone	a predetermined area. 
Zone	work, sections, resturants
Zone	work zone, in the zone (before a sports game), autozone, focused, concentrating.
Zone	concentration, specific area, blocked off, 
Zone	A place. There are work zones during road work. 
Zone	an area
Zone	in the zone, Auto Zone, concentration, speed, construction, certain area, certain things
Zone	out, in, deisgnated area, map, play, 
Zone	personal space
Zone	an area, big or large, something covers space
Zone	restricted area, a defined space
Zone	redzone, end zone, in the zone, on a role, football, vision, 
Zone	an area, a region, a defense in basketball, deals with restrictions, divides an area
Zone	a space that is usually in certain boundaries, has a specific use, a place where specific things go. 
Zone	i'm in the zoneconstruction
Zone	has a space, is an area, is a defense in sports
Zone	End and time
Zone	area, designated space, often marked off, place for scoring in organized sports.
Zone	designated area, specific place, used to organize things
Zone	denotes an area, used to define use of an area of piece of land, regulated by a government
Zone	defense in basketball, end zone in football, work zones in construction on roads, slow down, is a specific area
Zone	is a certain area
Zone	weed, out, space
Zone	state of mind "in the zone", a place you can't be in "work zone"
Zone	certain area claimed by something or someone
Zone	an area blocked off, or a state of mind, focused
Zone	area, specifically set apart placement of ground, place set with a boundary that marks it as different from other places
Zone	a place of certain actions, depending on the enviroment and people in the certain place, can be big or small, tangible or an idea of you yourself being in a certain place (i'm in the zone)
Zone	construction zone, something 
Zone	a specific area, "in the zone", out of it, "zoned out", place where something can happen, 
Zone	an area. 
Zone	is a area with a particular use
Zone	O-Zone, No Parking, Limitations
Zone	football touchdown, when you're concentrated, right on track
Zone	twilight
Zone	an area, sometimes off limits, or dangerous
Zone	boundaries, limits
Zone	a place of concertraion football
Zone	work, construction, area, blocks on a street
Zone	a specific area; on or off limits
Zone	work zone, in the zone, 
Zone	specified area. can refer to sports, construction areas, etc
Zone	Used to section things off, different areas of a city or street, used in defensive strategies
Zone	an area, a state of mind, 
Zone	a certain area
Zone	time, twighlight
Zone	temperture, time, basketball, sports, game
Zone	area, distinguished for a purpose
Zone	"In the zone", pizzone pizza, time zones, school zones, districts, referring to specific areas, comfort zone. 
Zone	constructed, only place you can be
Zone	area, restricted
Zone	
Zone	ozone, inzone 
Alright	usually good, correct
Alright	response, slang (incorreclty spelled), acceptable, proper, could also express a feeling "how are you doing? alright. ",   
Alright	I'm fine, it is okay, yes, sure, 
Alright	it is ok, nothing special, agreeing
Alright	it is okay, alright let's go, alright tto do something
Alright	is good, is satisfactory, is okay, is content, is acceptable
Alright	agreeable, good, fine, nice, good, sure
Alright	it's okay, not the best, sufficient enough, certainly
Alright	ok, 
Alright	is a person's answer, is like "middle-ground" (not extreme), an affirmation, an agreement
Alright	is a feeling, it is not good, it is not bad, is a word to say when you do not know how you feel, is bland.
Alright	OK, average, something is acceptable, not the greatest but it will do, 
Alright	a word used to describe a condition that a person is in, doing well, not too bad not too good, somewhere in the middle, mediocre, can use work, can be better, 
Alright	Neither good nor bad, sufficient, decent
Alright	okay, average, nothing special
Alright	not perfect, just ok, not up to a person standards 
Alright	okay, not bad, average
Alright	Is okay, could be better
Alright	word used to describe an average day, can be used to agree with something
Alright	it is ok, not the best or most enjoyable, not up to par, a normal day is alright, nothing out of the ordinary
Alright	fineaveragegoodso-sowanting more
Alright	everything will be okay
Alright	Can be a term used in an agreement such as "Alright, I'll do it." Can also be a type of mood in which a person that is feeling "alright" is doing fairly well but things could be better.
Alright	Okay, fine, not good or bad
Alright	ok, fine, not bad but not good
Alright	decentcan be improveda response to "How are you?"a term of acceptance
Alright	is fine, is acceptable, is OK, minimum requirement, is common, 
Alright	okay, good, 
Alright	agreementa feelinggood
Alright	good, not great, usual negative conotation,  is a status, 
Alright	Agreeing, Ending a conversation, one word spelling of the phrase All is Right. Your agreeing with what someone has said.
Alright	i will do it. british bloke. everything is okay
Alright	not perfect or bad, The middle, average   
Alright	not bad but not great, word to agree to something, letting know you understand.
Alright	okay, approval, understanding, argument is over, conceding, agreeing upon
Alright	okay, I guess that's fine, if you say so. 
Alright	something is okay,
Alright	If something is okay, not spectacular
Alright	modern word; correctly: all right, meaning everything is okay, all is well.
Alright	used as a term of contentment, can be falsely used 
Alright	means good, can describe a feeling or an object as being not good and not bad
Alright	fine, okay
Alright	is when everyhting is ok
Alright	okay, decent, good, average
Alright	state of being, not sad, not completely happy, not necessarily content or maybe content.  
Alright	word used to agree, word used for acceptance of an idea, not the correct word - should be 'all right'
Alright	Meaning somthing is okay or acceptable; Can refer to someone, something, a place or even an action or performed act. 
Alright	mediocre
Alright	good. well. not bad. 
Alright	okay, not perfect but not bad, it will do, feels a bit bad
Alright	a feeling or situation where everything is good, quiet, going well, OK, not great or bad,
Alright	is an affirmation, is positive
Alright	is a word, it means okay, it means fine
Alright	of good quality
Alright	content with a situation, 
Alright	bingo,settled, done
Alright	Ok, Average, Just fine
Alright	Yes, right, Good, okay
Alright	confirming something, could be a feeling of just being not happy or not sad, answer/reply.
Alright	similar to "okay," fine, good, normal
Alright	ok
Alright	Ok, okie dokie, yes, affirmative,
Alright	ok, so-so, 
Alright	Just alright would be average. An informal word. Don't use this word in papers for school. Frowned upon my professors. Mediocre. 
Alright	being ok, not excellent but being fine. Can also mean ok you'll do it. 
Alright	just average, having an okay day, 
Alright	Everything is good, nothing wrong, Did well, 
Attic	a room above all other rooms in a building, usually has a ladder leading to it versus stairs, sometimes has stairs, typically used for storage
Attic	dark, cold, dusty, isolated, small, on top of houses, used for storage, creepy, smells bad, really hot during the summer, don't like to go in it, 
Attic	above house, dark, small, smells bad, has insects, spiders and other unwanted creatures, may contain a window, looks unfinished, usually used as a storage place, has boxes, made of wood, near roof of a home, stairs, may have a light, really hot or cold depending on weather, 
Attic	scary, insulation, dark, hot, never used, storage
Attic	top of the house, store old items there, is dark and scary, has a ladder, most have window
Attic	is high, is hot, is dusty, is not visited often, has mysterious things, is neglected
Attic	messy, storage, scary, skeleton key, hidden room, most of the time in the garage, high up
Attic	a small room, usually above a house, below the roof, used for storage
Attic	Is a room at the highest level in a home, usually used for storage, and has a funny smell.
Attic	is hot, is at the top of a building, is dark, has bugs and vermin, holds boxes, smells musty, is a storage area, is creepy, is above a ceiling, holds antiques, holds junk, holds treasures, is dirty
Attic	is a place, is a level, is in a house, is in a building, is storage, is a room, is dusty, is old, is dark, is not welcoming, harbors rodents.
Attic	space in a house directly under the roof, dusty, dark, space for storage, 
Attic	is a room usually found above a garage, hallway, under the roof, used as storage for old and unused items, can be dirty, dusty, smelly, scary, contain spider webs, creaky floors, dark, hardly ever visited, place to hide away objects, temperature of room can change with season
Attic	above, storage space, dark, mostly empty
Attic	under the roof, storage, hot and musty.
Attic	storage, christmas, dark and dusty, 
Attic	upstairs, storage, scary
Attic	Mostly thought of as scary, where old memories are kept
Attic	scary place in movies, upstairs from bedrooms, is usually dark, requires ladder to get to, where boxes are, storage for the house
Attic	top floor of a house, storage of junk/not everyday things, gets hot, usually not a finished part of a house 
Attic	colddarkscaryspiderscreakyupstairs and above us
Attic	basement, top of a house, storage
Attic	The upper area of a house that is generally not big enough for any human living quarters but is generally used as a place of storage for items that are seasonal or for any items that will not be needed in the near future but are not wanted to be given away or sold.
Attic	A room above your house, used for storage
Attic	a place for storage, dark room above the house
Attic	is dustyis upstairsis scaryhas boxesused for storage
Attic	is dark, is dusty, is hot, is itchy, is dangerous, can be full of old stuff
Attic	small, used for storage, musty, cold/ hot during different season, dark, directly under the roof, 
Attic	creepydarkdustycoldspidersbugs
Attic	top floor of a house, small, warm and dark, usually used for storage, typically dirty 
Attic	Dirty, Part of building that is the top floor, used for storage, Hot, dusty, A room.
Attic	a loft. storage of old junk. smelly, dusty, full of cobwebs. usually cold and damp
Attic	Dark, Storage, Spooky 
Attic	adicted, need, love, use continuous
Attic	on top of the roof, wooden, spider webs, creaky, spooky, not often used, storage, haunted
Attic	above a house, hot, not ventilated, storage room, ladder up to.
Attic	top portion of a home, usually holds storage
Attic	the upper area of a house, sometimes used to store things, usually precieved as scary and dark
Attic	place for storage; ladder to access it; above living space of house; dark.
Attic	is dark, is dusty, is dirty, used for storage, used for living space, is stuffy, can be scary 
Attic	the highest room of a building, storage space, dusty, murky, unused, place for abandoned items, secret
Attic	storage, house, empty, filled
Attic	is where you store things, is where you can find old things you once forgot
Attic	Scary, dark, cold, ghost are there, old stuff is put up there, insulation is up there, v-shape, extra storage space
Attic	abova a structure, building or home, used for buildings heating/cooling elements and insulation, some used for storage, used as another room of a home, another home entirely in some cases, recreational room.
Attic	contains unused things, mice, dust, ladder, in the ceiling, dark, musty smell, may keep holiday decorations when not being used
Attic	storage space; located in the top of a building or home; dark; dusty; associated with ghosts or hauntings; cluttered and sometimes dangerous.
Attic	Ghost
Attic	scary, top level of house, storage room, 
Attic	upstairs, dark, dreary, cobwebs, scary, musty smell, damp, creaky, scary movies, spiders, bugs, rats, storage, junk
Attic	top part of a house, storage area, dusty, seldom visited, spooky, full of cobwebs, full of old or unwanted stuff,
Attic	is under a roof, is in a house, is the top floor of a house, is a storage area, can be a bedroom, is a cool place, is cold in winter, hot in summer
Attic	it is eerie, it is secluded, it is secretive
Attic	top of the house, has old stuff in it
Attic	place to store unused things, creepy, spiderwebs, smells old and musty, ladder comes down from the ceiling to climb up,
Attic	hot, dark
Attic	Scary, Monster, Paranormal Activity
Attic	top, house, dusty, musty, insulation, storage, 
Attic	top of house, scary, storage, dark, hot, attic fan, spider webs, old, creaky, small, insulated. 
Attic	the room in the top floor of a home, you store things there, usually dark, usually scary, often the room of the home in horror movies where bad things happen, the ceiling is triangular
Attic	House
Attic	top, above, stairs, storage
Attic	upstairs, storage, pull down stairs, space under the roof of the house, 
Attic	is upstairs, at the top of the house. Are sometimes perceived as spooky, scary, haunted. Are dark, have cob webs. Old looking. Used as extra storage, unfinished part of house. 
Attic	Used for storing things, usually up in the roof area, always hot or cold up there, not huge, scary.
Attic	upstairs, scary, dark, dingy, cobwebs, rats, storage, ghosts, hot,  no windows, 
Attic	Damp, Dark, Storage, Hot, Itchy, insulation, sometimes a bedroom, bugs, bats, 
Average	the addition of items divided by the number of items, ex: two math scores, one is 75 and one is 98 the average of the two is (75+98)/2=__, used when an approximate answer is needed.can also be used as a describing word to say that something is normal, more common
Average	normal, blends in, the standard, boring, does not like to stand out, shy, use to describe the norm 
Average	median, the norm, usually majority of people, in the middle, 
Average	the letter grade C, normal, nothing special, blending in 
Average	not as good as number 1, average looking, got an average on the test, normal 
Average	is a measurement, is a number, is less than exceptional, is not good
Average	the middle, a C, the mean, average hight and weight
Average	a mean, typical, ordinary or usual, used in math, so so, used to explain a person
Average	in middle,grade level C
Average	is middle-ground, what is common, can be frustrating, is mediocre, can be a comfort, is used to describe people, performance, or statistics, is used in studies, math and science, is found by adding numbers and then dividing them by how many there were, can be expressed numerically, is a grade of C, is not terrible but not excellent either
Average	is not special, is not a bad thing, it does not stand out, it is not recognized, it is not fame, it is content, it is not exciting, it is not a drive, it is where you choose to be.
Average	just OK, usual, not excelling but not failing, mean, normal, typical, common
Average	is the same as the mean, can be recorded in numerals, the sum divided by the numerical amount of people, objects, or numbers, can represent a group or a whole, is used in data, can be a standard, shows a general view, not detailed, 
Average	"C" Grades, Mean, normal.
Average	okay, normal, grades, boring.
Average	ok, not fancy   
Average	middle number, the most consistant out of the data
Average	The middle of all the performances, did not stand out in a negative or positive way.
Average	grades, people, lives, jobs, experiences
Average	its okay, not the best, in the middle, could improve or could be worse.
Average	normallike everyone elsenot good enough
Average	not good, not bad, just there
Average	A math term that is the sum of a set of items divided by the number of items. 
Average	ordinary, like everyone else
Average	mediocre, in the middle, the usual
Average	Not good but not badmiddle of the roadroom for improvement
Average	means common, means ordinary, is acceptable, a minimum requirement
Average	mean of numbers, descibes the normal, 
Average	not bad but not outstandinggrades
Average	not good, not bad, the usual, the middle, ordinary, can describe anything. what is usual
Average	Nothing special, not to good or to bad, just normal.
Average	ordinary, the mean of something. a 'c' grade. unacceptable
Average	the most common number, the majority 
Average	between good and bad, normal, percentage, rounded estimate 
Average	mean, the middle, where you stand compared to everyone else, commonground, ordinary, plain
Average	Mean, what the most was.
Average	basic, the "norm"
Average	When something or someone is not very great, But not horrible, they are just normal
Average	mediocre, even with others.
Average	is nothing special, is better than less then average, sub-par 
Average	Means in the middle, overlooked, regular,  
Average	amount, mean, median
Average	not below standard, not above standard, middle, can be used to discover a grade, used in math
Average	normal, getting a C in a class, not being exceptional, just like everyone else, dont stand out or get attention, nothing wonderful.
Average	is a quantity, is a rating, a norm    Example: we usaually get an average of 2ft of snow per year in springfield every winter. 
Average	not the best, not the worst, in the middle, may refer to a set of numbers added together then divided by the number of numbers, also known as the median
Average	the line at which something could either be superior or basic; the line that the majority of a population is at  
Average	normal
Average	above the minimum, below the max, not the best, not the least, middle
Average	not good enough, just like everyone else, nothing special, C grade, doesn't feel good enough, 
Average	normal, top of the bell curve, middle,
Average	is bad, is boring, needs to be better, is not good enough
Average	it is in the middle, it is nothing special
Average	normal, usual
Average	not perfect
Average	Normal, subpar, 
Average	Alright, Ok, Boring
Average	Basic, Simple, Plain, Mediocre
Average	median, in the middle, not good not bad, C in grades/70%.
Average	the basic of all of a score, a grade, the normal, the median, what is the "minimum." just so-so
Average	middle
Average	test, score, medium, 70%, C
Average	joe, so-so, regular, normal, typical, common, everyday, fair, standard, usual, general,
Average	To be average is to be normal. Average is not above expectations or below expectations but right in between. A child pursuing excellence in school would not be satisfied with being average. 
Average	Being like the normal, not over achieving, not to good, not to bad, right in the middle.
Average	not great, not good, normal, in the middle
Average	middle, C grade, medium hight, 
Blame	to make another at fault, can be put on people or even inatamate or intangable objects such as a car or the time, usually spoken or written, placed by someone who has been accused of something.
Blame	accused, charge, holds the responsiblity, nervous, stresful, scapgoat,  
Blame	at fault, tattling, can feel ashamed, an accusation upon another person,    
Blame	someone to fault, keeping yourself out of it
Blame	you pin the blame on someone else, you take the blame, you did something bad or failed to do something
Blame	is an excuse, is a scapegoat, is denial, is shameful, is the easy way out
Blame	accuse, convicted, shame
Blame	to hold someone or something responsible, to shift the problem, finding fault, disapproval
Blame	putting fault onto someone else, taking something out on someone else
Blame	is guilt, is an accusation, is unpleasant, is someone's fault, is someone's responsibility, people set it on others, can be applied to people, animals, society, government, and the world, can be an excuse, can be false, retribution sometimes follows
Blame	is validation, is a way out, can make you feel better, is wrong, can't be seen, feels bad.
Blame	to accuse someone of something, holding responsibly, incrimination, 
Blame	something you put on someone else about an issue, problem, situation, an accusation of another person, pointing the finger, charge against someone, not a good feeling, not being on your side
Blame	Fault, Anger, Reasoning.
Blame	scape goat, punishing one person, 
Blame	your fault, my fault, guilty, 
Blame	to put something bad on someone, accuse
Blame	making some else reap the consequences of your actions
Blame	something people do when their stuff is stolen, something people take to save other people
Blame	at fault
Blame	faultfightingnot the solution
Blame	pointing blame, someone is at fault
Blame	The accusation that a specific person is responsible for an event or a consequence. Generally used in a negative manner.
Blame	is a verb, usually places on Someone else, not me, your fault, childish
Blame	give responsibility for doing something
Blame	responsiblenegative connotationpointing the fingerguilty
Blame	to hurt, to harm, not useful, to correct, can be negative, doesn't accept responsibility
Blame	accusing, pointing fingers, criminal, tattle tails, whining, 
Blame	covering something upframing someone else
Blame	fault, who is at fault, responsibility, seperate from responsibility. 
Blame	Guilty, In Trouble, Snitch, Angry Parents, Getting out of trouble, Irresponsible.
Blame	cowardly. shouting, humiliation and sadness.
Blame	mean, angry, hates the world
Blame	point fingers, accuse, punishment, trouble
Blame	guilt, fault, responsible for your own actions, accusing, being charged, disapproval, being rebellious
Blame	Never take your own mistakes into consideration, don't want to realize your own faults.
Blame	put the fault on someone else
Blame	To say something is someone else's fault
Blame	accusing someone else; often in an argument.
Blame	makes you feel quilty, makes you feel bad, is unpleasant, helps solve problems 
Blame	it's fault, the person who caused the problem, it's a word used to point fingers 
Blame	problems, situation
Blame	using someone else to get out of trouble, is guilt, is not always correct
Blame	who is accused of a crime or doing something usually bad, not always guilty though
Blame	used when a person does not totally feel comfortable when comfronted with the issue they are presented with.  It is easier to pass it off to someone or something else to ease the anxiety or stress they feel on the subject.
Blame	accusing someone or something, may be taken by the guilty, may be put on someone innocent
Blame	a fault or unapproved happening that is usually put on one person or a group of people.
Blame	fault, wrong doing
Blame	to hold responsible, someone's fault, being the cause of something, 
Blame	fault, scared, punishment, children, fess up to it
Blame	getting the credit for doing something wrong, not wanted,
Blame	is bad, is fault, is cruel, is evil
Blame	it is ratting out somebody, it is not accepting guilt
Blame	shame, your fault
Blame	accuse someone of doing something, being judgemental,  
Blame	game, pissed
Blame	Yourself, Doubt, Shame
Blame	Fault, accuse,
Blame	accusing someone, not good, consequences, reaction of an incident. 
Blame	to claim that something is someone else's fault, used in courtrooms, causes lawsuits, little kids blame on siblings
Blame	fault
Blame	game, shame
Blame	attack, charge, criticism, complaint, disapproval, accusation,
Blame	To blame is to accuse someone, who may or may not be guilty, of committing a certain act. When you take the blame, you take full responsibility for doing something. 
Blame	Being blamed for something, trouble, not good for the person who is blamed
Blame	Its your fault, someone else's responsibility, 
Blame	someone in trouble, blaming it on someone else,
Blanket	soft fabric used to cover self and make warm, used when cold out, usually square shaped
Blanket	covered, secured, sleep in, comfortable, warmth, relaxing, feels soft, smells good, static, 
Blanket	warmth, made of many types of materials, something you sleep with, smells like your sent, can be homemade, can be store bought, completely covers you, wraps around you, feels soft,  
Blanket	warmth, babies, bedtime, winter, comfort, soft
Blanket	rectangle, square, warm, cover up with it, come in different lengths
Blanket	is warm, is comforting, is for sleeping, smothers you, is soft
Blanket	soft, cuddly, warm, babies love them, sleep with them at night, cross-stich
Blanket	a big square or rectangle shape, keeps us warm, used in winter, used on beds, can be sewn, 
Blanket	something warm to cuddle up in, cover something up in
Blanket	is soft, is used by people, people give to animals, is given as a gift for babies, sometimes is a comfort and security, is warm, is many different colors, is on beds, chairs or couches, used in autumn or winter, is many different sizes, smells like laundry, can be used for an imaginary tent or any imaginary toy, can be part of a costume, made by people, is sewn, knitted, quilted, or woven, is sat on for the outdoors
Blanket	is warm, is knitted, is manufactured, is comforting, is a gift, is a gift for a baby, is for the cold.
Blanket	soft, cover up to get warm, cozy, shelter, old, comforting, 
Blanket	is a piece of fabric used to keep warm, is usually soft, cozy, babies and young children use them for security, found on beds, used for decoration, made of many different materials such as wool, velvet, cotton, yarn, can be used in rituals, can be passed down generations 
Blanket	Warmth, soft, covering
Blanket	warm, fuzzy, winter, fall, cozy, home.
Blanket	cold, winter, park 
Blanket	warmth, material to cover you
Blanket	Sometimes used as a safe haven, rectangle used to keep warm
Blanket	keeps you warm, is comfortable, used during the winter, used while sleeping, used on couches, used in beds, can be brought to a picnic, can be sat on, can be folded
Blanket	security, warmth
Blanket	warmsoftcomfortingbabyyounglovefamilysleeptiredtightening and keeping you safe
Blanket	baby, warmth, covers, bedtime
Blanket	A cloth that is generally soft and comfortable that is used to warm up a person or other living organism.
Blanket	A cover, or comforter, usually carried by a chilld
Blanket	a cover, something used to keep you warm, fabric
Blanket	plushwarmused in the winterused for cuddlingneed to keep warmth
Blanket	are warm, thick, soft, can be itchy, can make you sweat, can catch fire, can cover
Blanket	used for warmth, usually square shape, soft, colorful, fuzy, covers people, thick, thin
Blanket	warmfuzzycoloredbigsmall
Blanket	used for warmth, represents comfort, owned by everyone, different materials, different colors 
Blanket	Keeps you warm, hides the light of the sun when your trying to sleep. 
Blanket	soft, warm and cozy. relaxing and comforting. different colors, tv, or dvd and glass of red wine.
Blanket	Soft, Warm, secure, 
Blanket	comfort, warmth, cover, bed, sleep with, cloth
Blanket	used when sleeping, keeps you warm, comfortable, used to make beds
Blanket	Baby, keeps your warm, comfy, pretty.
Blanket	warm fabric used when lounging or sleeping
Blanket	Object, warm, sometimes fuzzy, soft, different colors, used to keep warm
Blanket	warm, soft, comforting, vary in size and thickness.
Blanket	is soft, is warm, is snuggly, is colorful, can have sleeves 
Blanket	provides comfort and warmth, represents security, cover, familiar, soft and colorful, or rough and ugly
Blanket	warmth, object, cover
Blanket	is warm, is decoration, is used on a daily bases, is found on beds, is something to cuddle under.
Blanket	Warm, fuzzy, on a bed, could have sleeves, provide comfort and safety. Go along with movies.
Blanket	is rectangular, is square, is a cover, is soft, is warm, used mostly in the winter, made from wool, made from cotton,  made from polyester, made from patchwork.
Blanket	used to heat one's body, made of many different materials and fabrics, may have personal designs, used when cold, may be on a bed
Blanket	common household item; used to keep warm or for decoration; can be made out of multiple fabric materials; can be bought or made
Blanket	cuddel
Blanket	covers, warmth, everyone has one, soft, cotton, wool, snuggle
Blanket	warmth, children, bedroom, covering, sleeping, winter, soft, cozy, cuddling
Blanket	a covering to keep warm, a covering to dampen or hide what's underneath, comes in many sizes, colors, and designs, can be utilitarian or decorative, 
Blanket	is warm, is protection from cold, is a child's cape, is put between a horse and a saddle.
Blanket	is soft, is warm, is protection
Blanket	warmth, comfort, can be sentimental 
Blanket	soft, provides warmth, covers the body, people wrap up in them, come in lots of colors, used when cold especially in the winter
Blanket	warm, big
Blanket	Warm, Comfortable, Safe
Blanket	Warmth, fuzzy, covers, 
Blanket	warm, fuzzy, cover for your body, beds, soft, big, babies love them, fixes when your cold.
Blanket	you cover yourself with it, use it to keep warm, made of fabric, babies become attached to them
Blanket	warmth
Blanket	sheets, pillow, bed, sleep, zzzzz's, snoring, 
Blanket	cover, warm, 
Blanket	Are warm, are comfy, are soft. Little kids tend to have blankets. Blankets make one feel protected. Protection, security. 
Blanket	Used to keep warm, soft, use to sleep with, usually on beds.
Blanket	warm, soft, coves me up, cuddles
Blanket	Cold, Warm, Cuddle, 
Chief	usually used as a prefix to a name to indicate a leader of something (ex: indian tribe, police force), person with title usually has followers
Chief	important, leader, powerful, wise, source of information, used in Indian tribes, head of the tribe, 
Chief	commander, a person in charge of group of people, leader, person looks confident, stands out in crowd, 
Chief	High school mascot, feathers, tomahawk, Mohawk, Indians, Cherokee, horses, bow and arrow
Chief	chief of police, commander in chief, indian chief, kansas city chiefs, someone in charge, arrowhead, feathered head dresses
Chief	has a feather hat, is a football team, is a leader, is a warrior, is a native american
Chief	Indians, Kansas City, Red and Yellow
Chief	head of a group or leader, highest rank, most important person, indian tribes
Chief	leader, police, fire, indian
Chief	is a leader, often a tribal leader, is a figure of authority, is a casual acknowledgement of authority, is a sports mascot, has responsibility and power, can be corrupted, is influential, is looked up to, sets an example, establishes rules, is a person, helps a group to function
Chief	is native american, is in control, is respected, is powerful, is a king.
Chief	head, leader, highest authority, tribe ruler, control, predominant, supreme, superior,
Chief	the leader of a group, the leader of an Indian Tribe, makes decisions, always looking for the benefit of everyone else or people under, approves decisions, overrides decisions, is the alpha, gets respect from those under him or her
Chief	Control, respect, old
Chief	president, in charge, boss
Chief	fir and police chief, head boss, superior 
Chief	indian, soldier, someone in charge
Chief	someone in charge of a group of people like a fire chief
Chief	person in charge, Indians have one, the police have one, gives the orders, makes the rules
Chief	Kansas City Chiefs, Indians
Chief	head of somethingindian
Chief	head of indians, mocasins, teepees, feathers
Chief	Typically a leader of a tribe or small group of people in under-developed areas and long ago before towns were created.
Chief	in charge, head, could be and Indian chief, lives on a reservation
Chief	head of a tribe, a ruler of people
Chief	policeNative Americanshead of a grouphas responsibility 
Chief	a native American,is a leader, is the elder, is a football team, own casino,runs tribe,has brown skin,lives on reservation
Chief	prepares food, found in kitchens, wears white hat and jacket, went to cooking school, 
Chief	in chargeIndiansFootball team
Chief	is the leader, native american undertone, in charge, police chief
Chief	The main Indian, the Leader, A football team, the person in highest authority.
Chief	native americans. feathers. old leathery wrinkly skin. wise, smart and talks funny. someone in charge with respect
Chief	prepares food, 
Chief	Football mascott, indian, head over all, leader
Chief	a leader, most important person of a tribe, looked up to, controlling, the boss
Chief	football, Indians, horses.
Chief	leader of a tribe
Chief	The head person of a tribe
Chief	leader of a business; Native American tribe. Head of a group; intelligent.
Chief	football team, indians, tribal, red 
Chief	someone in charge, gives orders, should be logical, should be strict, should be smart, has power, Indian chief, 
Chief	rank
Chief	is a football team, is the head of an indian tribe, is the name for someone in charge.
Chief	The person in charge, leader, manager, president, CEO
Chief	Leader, Warrior, Superior, Indian Chief, Military Chief, Police Chief, Fire Chief, 
Chief	person in charge, leader, may be an indian, someone with high authority, may be looked up to
Chief	a person in the position of leadership; head of a organization; can refer to US president; head of a native american tribe; the kansas city football team
Chief	Kansas city cheifs
Chief	head leader, police, Indian, responsible, Kansas City's football team, 
Chief	head, leader, indian, respected, authority, high, football team, muscular, stern
Chief	head honcho, the person in charge, Native American leader, sometimes used as a sports team mascot,
Chief	is a leader, is a figurehead, has a feather head-dress
Chief	it is Sand-Lot, it is Native Americans, it is casinos
Chief	police, army, military, firefighters, ambulance, air force, marines 
Chief	native american, 
Chief	indian, football
Chief	Indian, Kansas City, Downstream
Chief	Indians, Police, firefighter, Kansas City football
Chief	leader, Indians, top person of a group, football team in KC. 
Chief	heads an indian tribe, a Kansas City football team, wears a headdress, Commander in Chief is the president, heads the US Military, form of authority
Chief	Indian
Chief	Indians, Football, horses, tomahawk, buffalo  
Chief	kansas city, indians, native americans, oklahoma, war, leader, feathers, horses, teepees, family, reservation, wild, 
Chief	Head dog. The man. The master. Alpha male. The one who calls the shots. The leader of the pack. The one in charge. Kansas City Chiefs 
Chief	the chiefs, football, india leader.
Chief	cooking, pizza, delicious food, knives, aprons, recipes, big white hats
Chief	Police officer, paper work, Judges, Law, Head role of a group, 
Daring	involves risk, something that describes an act or thought that is not easy.
Daring	challenge, excited, brave, no fear, stand up for beliefs, innovator, risk taker, adreline seeker, 
Daring	no fear, no boundaries, a confident person, dare devil, an action, 
Daring	D.A.R.E., hazing, unwilling, proving a point
Daring	try someing new, try something dangerous, hero
Daring	is dangerous, is having no fear, is recklessness, is bravery, is heroism
Daring	daredevil
Daring	brave, risk taking, can sometimes be dangerous, I'd like to be more daring
Daring	risk taking, the dare game
Daring	is bold, is a risk-taker, is impetuous, is determined, is stubborn, doesn't pay much attention to danger, adrenaline rushes, is dangerous, can be either very rewarding or a complete failure
Daring	is adventurous, is a mind set, is opposite timid, is fun, is exciting, can be dangerous, is an experience, is a choice.
Daring	bold, adventurous, fearless, brave, to face courageously, to challenge, provoking someone
Daring	is a person who lives on the edge, a person that is adventurous, someone that has a lot of audacity, is someone that is brave, someone that shows a lot of guts, someone that isn't afraid to be bold, someone that is brave or courageous, someone that isn't afraid to face fears
Daring	fearless, risky, 
Daring	deadly, scary, no consious
Daring	risks, death, stupid, 
Daring	risk taking, out of your comfort zone, threatening
Daring	Risk taker not scared
Daring	can be dangerous, is admired, is a game, involves nerve, involves brainpower
Daring	truth or dare, taking a chance, dare devils, willing to do whatever, takes a lot of guts
Daring	boldsneakycleverdoing something unique
Daring	skydiving, willing to try 
Daring	A mental trait in which one is more likely to engage in risky behaviors on the basis that they won't get hurt from the event.
Daring	and adjective, brave, unsafe
Daring	willing to try dangerous things, not afraid
Daring	adventurousembraces lifelives life to the fullesthas little or no fear
Daring	is risky, can be dangerous,might be brave,or crazy, can cause injury
Daring	sweet, precious, babies, something a grandma would say, 
Daring	riskycould get into trouble
Daring	courage, brave, outgoing, is a characteristic, considered tough, manly, found to be exciting, taking risks
Daring	Daredevils, not being afraid to do something, Never scarred, adventurist.
Daring	taking a chance. to dare and take a risk
Daring	adventure, risk taker, 
Daring	dangerous, out of the comfort zone, beyound normal, risk 
Daring	challenging, to prove someone wrong, shows courage, usually done when "dared", take on a challenge
Daring	Dare-devil, bungee jumping, rip-cord, doing something that scares you, doing something that makes your heart rate go higher. 
Daring	not scared, mischievous 
Daring	doing things that most people wouldn't
Daring	showing nerve, bravery, ready to experience new things.
Daring	adventureous, can be dangerous, exhilarating, produces adrenaline
Daring	Risk-taker, unafraid, doesn't consider consequences, dangerous, 
Daring	deeds, double dog dare, going against the grain
Daring	is trying, is doing
Daring	living on the edge, a daredevil, skydiving, basejumping, bungey jumping
Daring	doing something you wouldnt normally do, thinking outside of the box, pushing someone else to do something different.
Daring	willing to take risks, adjective, characteristic of one, describes the actions of a person who does wild things
Daring	describing word usually referring to a person with no fear or willing to try new and exciting or dangerous things.
Daring	skydiving, risky, 
Daring	spontaneous. dangerous. wild. risk taker. adventure, bold, courage, a challenge, fearless
Daring	driving, strong, determined, showing must enthusiasm, strong-headed, want to succeed, dare-devil
Daring	being fearless, having no sense of harm, brave, forward, thoughtless,young men, 
Daring	is bad, can hurt someone, cans show bravery, is good in a battle
Daring	is risky, it is bikers without helmets, it is cliff divers, it is the military
Daring	venturous, dangerous
Daring	dangerous, spontaneous
Daring	caring, sparing
Daring	Dare Devil, Skydiver, Myself
Daring	Agressive, Assertive, Danger, extreme
Daring	stupid, funny, willing to do anything, can get hurt, break bones, hospitals, personality.
Daring	to challenge someone to do something, being spontaneous, being bold and brave
Daring	evil kinevil
Daring	parachute, sky diving, motorcycles, 
Daring	adventurous, extreme, couragous, living life, brave, provoked, taunt, threaten, defying, challenging, 
Daring	Out there. Double dog dare? Triple dog dare! Is chancy. Very bold. Someone who is daring is said to be unpredictable. You never know what's next. A fast-paced life style. 
Daring	being a rebel, doing something that people usually don't. Dare devil, trying things other people would think twice about.
Daring	risk taker, evil kineval, no worries about the law
Daring	Double dog dare, tongue stuck to pole, truth or dare, 
Day	time from when the sun rises till the sun sets, usually the time that most people choose to be awake for.
Day	 24 hours, short, not long enough, stressful, sunlight, sunrise, sunset, weather, tired, keeps track of time, 365 days in a year, 
Day	24 hours in a day, sunny day, cloudy day, rainy day, snowy day, 7 days a week, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, You could have a good day or bad day, 
Day	Time, morning, afternoon, evening, school, waking up
Day	sunlight, you are active durning the day, weekday, weekend, the perfect day, night and day, holiday
Day	is light, is porductive, is positive, is 24 hours, is 3600 minutes, is one of many
Day	sun, busy, school, work, sun
Day	24 hours, usually can be a period of light outside, a specific time on the calendar
Day	afternoon, weekday, activities
Day	is 24 hours, has sunlight (mostly), a time for work, school and play, seven of them in a week, people plan out the day, eat breakfast, lunch and dinner, used to get things done, spend energy
Day	is a part of the week, is experienced by everyone, has a name, is warm, has sunshine, opposites night, is 12 hours long, is desired, is tiring.
Day	24 hours, one rotation of the earth, could mean only the light part of the 24 hours, sunrise to sunset, sunlight, 
Day	is a measurement of time, one rotation of the earth, twenty-four hours, has a day and a night, increases in number, can be pretty, can be ugly, can be cold or hot, can be an important one, or lazy one, amount can change depending on month
Day	24 hours, Sunset/Sunrise, part of a month, Date.
Day	one day of the year, birthday, special day, number
Day	night, sunny, stressful 
Day	part of the week, 24 hours
Day	24 hour cycle, seven of them in a week 
Day	when things happen, when school takes place, is a date, can be good, can be bad, can be boring
Day	7 days of the week, 
Day	happens 365 times a yearrelates to your moodhow you feelyour schedule for that 24 hoursis 24 hourscan feel longer than it istied to what you do with your life
Day	night, work, school, light, sun
Day	Either a measurement of time representing 24 hours or can be the specific time in those 24 hours that the sun is present in the sky.
Day	24 hours, sun up to sun down, 7 in a week
Day	24 hours
Day	one rotation of the earth24 hour periodcan be associated with when the sun is shining1/365 of a year1/7 of a week
Day	is life, can be productive, can be bright, 
Day	24 hours, length of time, form a week, month and a year, 
Day	24 hrs
Day	sunlight, class, lunch, pants worn, good, awake, less social
Day	The time between to successive nights, the time your awake. The time you work and go to school.
Day	light,sunny, bright, work, or school. chores, working out and studying
Day	24 hours 
Day	sunlight, school, work, awake, 365, monday, tuesday, thursday, friday, sturday, sunday
Day	days of the week, monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, sunday, 24 hour period, light outside
Day	today, sunlight, birds, awake.
Day	24 hours, time duration
Day	when the sun is out
Day	24 hours of time, light, warm, time for activities, school, work, dark, relax, sleep.
Day	has day and night, can seem long, can seem short, can be boring, can be uneventful  
Day	Sunny, active, opposite of night, 12 hours, happens repeatedly, structure, can be a good one or a bad one, fleeting, monotonous
Day	night, sun, light
Day	is 24 hours, it follows night
Day	24 hours, longer than an hour shorter than a week, made up of activites through a 24 hour period
Day	is Sunlight, birds in the sky, life and movement all around, is work, is school, is breakfast, is lunch, growing trees and plants. 
Day	24-hour period, opposite of night, 365 each year, often taken for granted, awake hours, may be special for someone
Day	A span of time where it is usally light outside and the sun is still up; also refers to a unit of measurement like days in a week or year
Day	night
Day	24 hours, opposite of night, when people are awake the most
Day	7 days in a week, 24 hours, 365 in a year, birthday, holidays, night and day
Day	during daylight, 365 in a year, 30-31 in a month, 24 hours, a span of time
Day	is bright, is 8-14 hours long depending on time of year, is awake time, is work time
Day	it is sunshine, it is fresh, it is stress-free, it is life
Day	monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, sunday
Day	sunshine, brightness, 
Day	night, sun
Day	one, Friday, Night
Day	Month, week, year, calendar,
Day	time period, 24 hours, light and dark, 365 in a year, 7 in a week, cold or hot, good days, bad days.
Day	starts at sunrise, lasts 24 hours, one of 365 of the year
Day	tuesday
Day	sunrise, noon, light, work, stressful 
Day	weekday, seven in a week, long, short, 24 hours in a day, normal, bright, dark, light, sunrise, sunset, sunshire, rain, daylight, daytime, nighttime, early morning, late night,
Day	Opposite of night. Sun is out. People are awake and working or attending school. Also a male name. Name of male figure in book, Henrietta Lacks. 
Day	sun, light, 
Day	sunshine, warmth, happiness, awake, outside
Day	Sun, School, 
Dependent	relies on another, intangeable
Dependent	insecure, weak, immature, vulnerable, defenseless, counts on others, unable to provide for itself, empathize, 
Dependent	rely upon another person or object, opposite of independent, is changing in an experiment, 
Dependent	Variable, people who live at home, needy
Dependent	need someone, babies and children are dependent
Dependent	is a child, is an elderly person, is needing other people, is helpless, is a spouse
Dependent	rely on someone
Dependent	requires care, attention, etc, something that requires something or someone else, children can be dependent, people can claim dependents to get a break from taxes
Dependent	do it on ones own, no help
Dependent	is reliance, is a child, is an elderly person, is a pet, is helpless, requires care and assistance, can't live without something, needs others, is a responsibility, is a status such as financial
Dependent	is a feeling, is the opposite of independent, is a need, is weak, is never fulfilling.
Dependent	relying on someone/something else, aided, needs support, counting on, children
Dependent	is needing help from others, describes something or someone that is too weak to do things on their own, can be vulnerable, cannot survive without aid from others, someone that is used to being spoon-fed everything, spoiled, opposite of independent
Dependent	Need, helpless.
Dependent	housewife, no job, no life, 
Dependent	myself, parents, 
Dependent	alone, able to do something your self, self-reliable
Dependent	Someone relying on someone else for support
Dependent	on drugs, on food, on money, on people, variable
Dependent	not independent, with others, changes as a result of something else
Dependent	when you need somethingcan't be on your own
Dependent	independent, depends on others, financial dependent
Dependent	A person, place, thing, or idea that relies on something else in order to produce a response.
Dependent	is a noun, someone you rely on
Dependent	to trust someone, to rely
Dependent	reliantcannot get along on its ownnot a leaderneeds money
Dependent	my kids, my wife, to follow, to lean on, a crutch, good for taxes, useful during hardship, can mean welfare, 
Dependent	relies on something else, could be used in an experiement, child to their parents
Dependent	on your owncount on only yourself
Dependent	relying on others, a child or spouse, animals, people you can't let down
Dependent	The variable that is measured in a science experiment. Also if your dependent then you don't rely on people.
Dependent	child, reliance on something, or someone. or a clause
Dependent	helpless people, usually young people, used on taxes, people with low selfesteem
Dependent	need some one, under 18, help, with others
Dependent	need someone else, hard to function on own, clingy, weak, relying on
Dependent	Need others, don't want to be alone.
Dependent	child, the person who is being taken care of
Dependent	to be able to do things on your own without help
Dependent	needy, relying on others, children, elderly.
Dependent	means to rely on somebody 
Dependent	Needy, not self sufficient, needs others, family, support group
Dependent	independent, needy
Dependent	is the opposite of independent, is when you need someone, is a word used to describe children
Dependent	Not able to to tasks for yourself, could be a baby or young child. Needs a babysitter when parents are busy. 
Dependent	a spouse, a child, anyone whom is dependent on someone for care: money, food, shelteror sometimes people just become dependent on others because of mental issues.  situatuations/plans sometimes become dependent upon the weather, for example... 
Dependent	opposite of independent, need something else to survive, may be dependent on something for one's own information
Dependent	usually refers to a person themselves or how they act; a dependant can be a child or an invalid that relies on others in their life for support or help of some kind; or if you are dependant on something personal well being
Dependent	Needy, childern
Dependent	always relying on others, children, 
Dependent	are supported by someone else, require help, opposite of independent
Dependent	someone unable to care for themselves, something that needs another to be with, cannot be alone,
Dependent	is bad, is lonely, can hurt, will hurt
Dependent	it is on your own, it is not needing help, it is stubborn, it is confident
Dependent	self reliant, individual
Dependent	can't do anything by yourself
Dependent	independent, rely on, need
Dependent	Kids, Girls, Variable
Dependent	never alone, needy
Dependent	rely on something or someone, kids, dependent variable in experiments, bad most the time.
Dependent	to be addicted to something, to always need it, to rely on it
Dependent	Variable
Dependent	needy, 
Dependent	helpless, weak, minor, immature, clinging, counting on, relying on, 
Dependent	The act of being reliable on an object or person. Incompetent of doing it on your own. Dependent variables depend on the independent variable, in science. 
Dependent	trustworthy, not changing
Dependent	baby, reliable, good friend, helplessnesses, elderly, wheelchair
Dependent	on your own, no parents, 
Experiment	a test done with the hopes of answers to a question, usually done when an answer to a question is being saught
Experiment	 a test, investigation, anlysis, research, trail and error, excited, curious, accomplished, 
Experiment	has a hypothesis, manipulated (independent) variable, responding (dependent) variable, observe changes, form conclusion, has a scientist(s), 
Experiment	mice, rats, labs, white coats, vials, chemicals bubbling
Experiment	testing a theory, scientists, cages, trying something new, needles
Experiment	is to confirm a hypothesis, is a test, is a thesis, has a subject, has a result
Experiment	Theory, hypothesis
Experiment	procedure, carried out under controlled conditions, used in science, tests hypotheses
Experiment	studies, learining, trying new things
Experiment	is found in science and psychology classes, is used for research, is supposed to be objective, follows the scientific method, can involve surveys, uses observation, can show relationships and causes and effects, can have a placebo effect, can be cruel or inhumane, can be used in a multitude of ways such as dissecting or asking questions, is in horror and science fiction films and books, is Frankenstein, used by scientists and students, sometimes requires volunteers, increases knowledge and understanding, is interesting, can use flasks and chemicals, can use computers and graphs
Experiment	is scientific, is a risk, is conducted, is within people, uses chemicals, produces results, is used in medicine, is used in everyday life.
Experiment	test, trial, procedure to text a hypothesis, science, chemicals, research, study
Experiment	is a procedure done to test observations and questions, is an analysis of data, tests people, objects, concepts, surveys answers and opinions, tests hypothesis, provides testable information for future experiments
Experiment	Hopeful, Scientific, lab equipment, information. Hypothesis.
Experiment	science, scientist, brain, white coat.
Experiment	science, hands-on, fun, chemistry, hypothesis, testing, animals 
Experiment	Conducted research to create a thesis for the hypothesis.
Experiment	testing a hypothesis, test tubes and labs are sometimes included or can be a psychology experiment
Experiment	involves people or animals, usually conducted for science, produces results, involves hypothesis'
Experiment	science, a test, scientific method, want to see if something works out how you want it to go
Experiment	testing something outfinding an answer
Experiment	to find something out or to prove something, variables, hypothesis, inference, observation
Experiment	A form of testing in which the experimenter(s) are either trying to prove or disprove a hypothesis with only changing one thing between two tests in order to see what the said "thing's" influence on the group is.
Experiment	Scientific method, discovering new information
Experiment	test, investigation, observance, used to discover something new
Experiment	done by scientistscontains a hypothesisuses variablesdone in a lab
Experiment	search for answers,is a test, to explore,to research, uses hypothesis, to prove, or disprove,ask why
Experiment	test hypothesis, variables, control ground, experimental groups, test, data, reports, used in science, scientific method, chemistry, 
Experiment	studyhypothesisresults
Experiment	a scientific study, research, finds a logical conclusion, useful, can be dangerous, exciting 
Experiment	Science, Using to answer a hypothesis, or question. Can be useful to figure things out.
Experiment	opportunity for change. in a lab. a test based on hypothesis. taking a chance
Experiment	Test, stressful, scienctist, results 
Experiment	testing, investigating, controlled, cause and effect
Experiment	usually done in labs, done by scientists, way to figure out information, models, trials, tests, research, conducting projects
Experiment	Science, trying something, seeing what is accurate.
Experiment	testing of a topic
Experiment	when something is tested
Experiment	science, trial and error, collect data, come to conclusions.
Experiment	used to study, can be done in many ways, sounds scary 
Experiment	a test on something, this will produce results of some kind, done by great scientists and regular students, can be scary, exciting, informative  
Experiment	science, test, data
Experiment	is testing a hypothesis
Experiment	independent variable, dependent variable, constant, scientific method, safety googles, hypothesis, theory, formula
Experiment	testing a theory, trying a new recipe, trying different spices in an old recipe to test the change in flavor, trying new things.
Experiment	part of the scientific method, must be conducted to find answers, included in science courses, conducted by scientists, find answers to questions, prove or disprove hypotheses
Experiment	an organized set of tests to exercise a theory or thought; often used in science classes; psychology surverys; chemistry; more than oftern they fail or something new is learned or possibly confirmed.
Experiment	Science, beakers,test tubes
Experiment	process of conducting a test, trying something new, investigate, procedure
Experiment	idea, hypothesis, tests, science, laboratory, scientists, doctors, physicians, food companies, restaurants, animal testing
Experiment	a way to find something out by trial and error, can be for good or bad, 
Experiment	is a test, is fun, may require safety, has a lab report at the end
Experiment	it is science, it is somewhat dangerous, it is unknown
Experiment	research
Experiment	science, testing a hypothesis, trying something new,
Experiment	chemistry, lab
Experiment	Psych, Lab, Anatomy
Experiment	Test, 
Experiment	test, hypothesis, different variables, used to figure out something, science, data, recorded figures. 
Experiment	a test run to find certain results, uses a control, uses independent and dependent variable, testing a hypothesis
Experiment	Hypothesis
Experiment	drugs, placebo, 
Experiment	investigation, anaylsis, examination, study, trial, search, research, 
Experiment	What I'm participating in right now. Associated with science. Hypothesis. Experiment. Look at results. Change hypothesis. To find out more about anything, one will experiment. 
Experiment	Science, trying new things, 
Experiment	test, test tubes, biology, atom, fire
Experiment	Learning something new, finding answers, Science, 
Holy	sacred, blessed, god related, intangeable
Holy	religion, believing, divine, higher power, skeptical 
Holy	Bible, something sacred, something precious, something of worth and value, perfect image, religion, 
Holy	Priest, church, Jesus, God, praying, signing, rejoicing, faith
Holy	god, reverance, religion, personal value, holy water, holy ghost
Holy	is god, are good people, is religion, is christianity, is Jesus
Holy	godly, pure, moral
Holy	a title for religious officials, used in the church, higher spirit
Holy	cross, religion, water, church
Holy	is close to God, is excellent character, is making sacrifices, is putting others before oneself, is always doing the right thing, is prayer, is loving, is a good example, is a role model, is a goal, is a purpose, leads to peace and contentment
Holy	is a god, is salvation, is faith, is held above, is a presence, is a feeling, is a king, is power.
Holy	religious, saintly, spirituality, worship, devoted to God, sacred, moral, faithful
Holy	something that required great respect, reverence, angelic, something that is blessed, it is divine, above, Godlike, beautiful, a pilgrimage to a place, prayerful, faithful, righteousness, saints, heavenly, 
Holy	priests, religion, state of mind
Holy	God, something you look up to, amazing
Holy	Bible, water, Jesus, God, church, 
Holy	church, christ, christian
Holy	Someone is good in a sense that is related to religion
Holy	involves religion, can be used in part of a swear, can be water, can be a person, can be a spirit
Holy	church, god, religion 
Holy	importantthe most valuablegod
Holy	spirit, biblical, Bible, 
Holy	Any noun that is believed to have some connection to a religion and a higher power. Could be a priest, a book, or other items.
Holy	religious, of higher power
Holy	sacred, without fault, Dedicated to God
Holy	untouchableGodheavenly
Holy	means pure,feel of church, God is, a spirit, feels clean, 
Holy	religous, blessed by God, perfect, amazing, breath taking, church, 
Holy	God-likegood and fairright with God
Holy	religious, hallowed, respected, can refer to items, can refer to activities or places, 
Holy	Religiousness, Religion. Name on Bible
Holy	bible, monks, priests, church, sunday and abstinance. feeling of vulnerability of power all at same time. all conquering and little boys.
Holy	worship, important, 
Holy	Godliness, spiritual, striving to be a good person, full of rips and empty spaces. 
Holy	rituals, ceremonies, religious, communion, formality, ordinance, crucifix, cross
Holy	ghost, Jesus, church, God. 
Holy	religious, 
Holy	to be good enough for God, or to have several holes
Holy	religious; church; sacred place; Bible.
Holy	can pertain to god, can pertain to something that has a hole in it 
Holy	Sacred, treasured, valued, comes from religion, God 
Holy	sacred
Holy	is associated with God
Holy	God, Allah, Buddah, the cross, church, praying, temples, bible, koran, torah, Christian, Muslim, Buddism, Judaism, being baptized
Holy	is a term used when people speak about a religious Icon they believe in. used to represent the highest and purest of all beings.
Holy	God, set apart, perfect, different, religious word, Jesus, word found in the Bible, is often misunderstood or misused
Holy	related to religion or some form of God; A pure word or object or person
Holy	holy trinity
Holy	worship, religion, Bible, church-term, 
Holy	Jesus, religion, respected, most prominent being, an idol
Holy	Scared, not to be defiled, held in high regard, 
Holy	is a reference to religious artifacts and figures
Holy	it is God, it is sacred
Holy	church, priest, sins
Holy	good, a person who isn't a sinner, goes to church
Holy	cow, religious, cool
Holy	God, Spirit
Holy	Church, bible, stained glass windows, priest,
Holy	Christ, god, holy water, good, church, Sundays, pastor, elderly, bright, stars.
Holy	church, religious, something sacred
Holy	church
Holy	bible, sh*t, moly, 
Holy	religion, godly, bible, church, faithful, in clothing, cut a hole, burn a hole, more than one, many,
Holy	Associated with the bible, one who is holy is pure, the Holy Bible, biblical reference. Also can refer to holy jeans, a pair of jeans with holes. 
Holy	Jesus, God, Father, Holy water. Being holy, one with God.
Holy	Jesus, God, nice people
Holy	Priest, Church, Heaven, GOD, Pope, Rome, Video game, 
Large	ammount that is more than average, big in referance to another thing.
Large	 describes a noun, ample, bulky, massive, immense, large surface area, not normal, uncomfortable,
Large	big, fat, takes up a great amount of space, can be large in size and or mass, larger objects consume smaller ones, 
Large	A drink size, overweight people, tall people, the world
Large	big, elephant, whale, a big amount, size
Large	is in charge, is tall, is fat, is muscular, is a size of food, is a size of clothing
Large	big, huge, grand, oversize
Large	big, a size, more powerful than usual, an amount, represents a whole
Large	big, more room
Large	is big, not small, is cumbersome, sometimes is heavy, is Super Size food, is fat, makes people look smaller, is animals, people, buildings, nature,and other things, is impressive, is breathtaking, is surprising
Large	is not small, is a size, is associated with weight, is fat.
Large	big in size, bigger or more than average, grand, ample, sizable
Large	is something that is big, enormous, huge, giant, not small, takes up a lot of space, describes something that is extravagant, great, monumental, a massive body, something grand, better than before, describe something extensive, a vast amount of stuff
Large	of high amount, over sized
Large	huge, elephant, enormous
Large	big, to much of something, overweight, mcdonalds, 
Large	big, huge, not small
Large	very big in size relative to the things around it
Large	people can be, food can be, towers, giants, cities, rooms, universe, planets, galaxies
Large	size, big, bigger then a small or medium, not as big as XL or XXL
Large	elephantfeeling bighaving extra weight on you
Large	small, elephant, buildings, size
Large	A term used to describe the size of an object or concept that is generally a synonym for big.
Large	is an adjective, big, oversized, not small
Large	big, taking up a lot of room
Large	enormousintimidatingcontains massnot smallideal traitcan be a compliment
Large	is big, can mean fat, usually happy,some are lazy, can mean oversize, or supersize, 
Large	not small, could describe a size or quantity, 
Large	biggianttall
Large	the size of something, bigger then medium, smaller then extra large, can refer to clothes, can refer to food portions, 
Large	the opposite of small, not tiny, big. enormous. 
Large	large, fat, big, obesity, stupendous, collosal
Large	Bigger then usual, more mass,  
Large	huge, big, over normal
Large	huge, enormous, gigantic, big, abundant, giant, massive, spacious, wide
Large	big, obese.
Large	big, huge
Large	Big, takes up a lot of space
Large	size; fast food--small, medium, large.
Large	means big, can vary in description
Large	big, could mean multiple, wide ranged, there are difference perceptions of it, full or enough
Large	big, size, amount
Large	is not small, is not medium, is big, describes something big
Large	Huge, massive, airplanes, cities, semitrucks, boats, people, and sky scrapers.
Large	The bigger size, in some cases oversized, too big to hanle, over the weight limit, is obese, more than the average size                    
Large	opposite of small, may describe an amount of something, may describe size of something
Large	refers to something's size; 
Large	hippos, elephatns, Donald trump's money
Large	big. not small. 
Large	huge, bigger than average, could feel good or bad, obesity, overwhelming
Large	big, nice way to say fat, fast food meal size, cup of coffee size
Large	is big, is a truck, is anything oversized, is huge, is gargantuan
Large	it is huge, it is abnormally big, it is anything but small, it is fat, it is obese
Large	big, takes up a lot of room
Large	
Large	small, big
Large	Elephant, Mizzou, Earth
Large	Fat, huge, humungus, enormous, gigantic
Large	big, takes up a lot of space, sometimes is compared to other objects around it, describes, size, used as sizes for stuff also.
Large	big, huge, large in volume, height, weight, or width
Large	big
Large	big, massive, huge, 
Large	big, extreme, over, great, gaint, shirts, clothing, gigantic, huge, abundant,
Large	Not small. Rather big. In the sequence: Small, Medium, Large. Large being the biggest. Extra large. Extra Extra Large. L. XL. XXL. XXXL. 
Large	Big, bigger then little things, Large soda, Large Fry. 
Large	huge, not small, elephant, T-shirt, United States, oceans
Large	Big, Huge, not small, 
Like	to agree with something, be similar to something, the idea of enjoyment
Like	approval, similar, comparable, equal, happy, use to describe how one feels about another person or thing, use by facebook to describe acceptance of a comment, place, or thing. 
Like	an interest in something, makes you happy, something you enjoy, used for enjoyment, 
Like	Facebook, thumbs up, attracted to someone
Like	friend, hobbies, love, family, tolerate
Like	is a filler word, is a preference, is enjoying something, is a way to express your feelings
Like	Nice, polite, pretty
Like	a wish to have or a want, a desire, similarity, to enjoy something
Like	want, desired
Like	is used on Facebook, is a particular preference, is positive, is middle-ground, is used to describe something, is expressed by people, is used to express an affection for, is a friend, is enjoyment
Like	is a feeling, is a good thing, is an action on Facebook, can be acted upon, can turn into love, is emotional, is hesitant.
Like	to resemble something or be similar, they are of the same form, compatible, matching to take pleasure in, agreeing with something, desire, to prefer something
Like	is an emotion one has when they enjoy something, pleasurable, opposite of dislike, admiration of another person, being accepting of an individual or object, also used to compare items, can be used to show similarity, 
Like	Enjoy, prefer, desire
Like	enjoy, hobby, food, family, animals, sports, tv.
Like	average, okay, not cazy over it 
Like	something that appeals you
Like	you really agree with something
Like	word valley girls say a lot, used to describe enjoyment, used to describe something else
Like	you prefer it, favor it
Like	showing an interest inthe first step in a relationship
Like	dislike, Like button on facebook, love
Like	Something that is similiar to another thing is said to be "like" that original object. Could also be used as a compliment or other similar verbal description: "I like that idea."
Like	To enjoy or find interesting
Like	to be fond of, to agree with,to enjoy
Like	enjoylovehave a pleasing association witha function on Facebookpositive
Like	is pleasant, not threatening, visually appealing,
Like	word in a sentence, compares words,used in a simily
Like	things a person enjoys
Like	something that is enjoyed, help describe yourself, facebook
Like	Something that you agree with or are attracted to. You can like people thoughts, ideas.
Like	similarities, to love, or to closely assemble to something
Like	The same, 
Like	agree, feel the same, want, never give up, care, befriend
Like	according to, similar, matching two things, used in similies, used in everyday conversation
Like	facebook, want to date, cool, I want that. 
Like	prefer something
Like	to have feelings in a positive way for someone or something
Like	have feelings for, drawn to, enjoy, desire.
Like	used in similies, means you appreciate something, you have a specific taste for something 
Like	interest, contentment, positive, 
Like	dislike, 
Like	is something you use a lot, is something that you tend to do for pleasure
Like	enjoying something, could be on facebook or just liking something in general
Like	It looks like its going to rain, I would be just like her to do something like that, 
Like	may be used to compare two things, word with different meanings, can describe feelings for someone or something, opposite of dislike or hate, less than love
Like	To approve of something, someone etc; also is used in the place of "love" when feelings are expressed towards someone.
Like	Facebook
Like	associate, opposite of dislike, 
Like	don't love it but you don't hate it, you have a connection to it, feels good, looks good
Like	facebook button, enjoyable, pleasant, not loved but OK, 
Like	is affectionate, is similar, is warm, is friendly
Like	it is middle school, it is puppy love
Like	something you want
Like	interests, 
Like	facebook, love, 
Like	Love, SImile,As
Like	best, happy, smiles, good,
Like	happy with something, used to describe, compares things, not as much as love but more than just normal, feelings, makes you happy.
Like	to be amused by something, to be in favor of something, to enjoy something
Like	enjoy
Like	love, live, life 
Like	agree, similar, equal, close, relating, same as, comparable,
Like	On Facebook you can "Like" a status or picture, which means you feel positively towards it. Liking is positive energy amongst something. Opposite is: dislike. I like food. I like TV. 
Like	like-able. You think highly of something because you like it.
Like	enjoyable, love, positive
Like	Love, Girlfriend, Boyfriend, food, soda, movies, video games, 
Meeting	a gathering of people all with same idea as to why they are there, may be 2+ people, discussions usually occur here.
Meeting	groups, held at certain at specific times, agenda, face to face, business, companies, nervous, arguing, can be disagreements, 
Meeting	in a room, has group of people, purpose to discuss a topic, to evaluate an issue, gathering, discussion, can be useful, can be boring, mandatory or optional, 
Meeting	long, fraternity, secretive, boring, hot, quiet, serious
Meeting	something you go to to talk about a certain subject, meeting for work, meeting someone
Meeting	is boring, is in businesses, is important, gets tasks complete, is run by the boss
Meeting	
Meeting	a coming together for a purpose, group of people are involved, a place where two things combine, 
Meeting	discusion
Meeting	is between more than one person, is at an agreed time and place, can be formal or casual, is used for discussion, problem-solving, planning, projects, and communication, can be long and tedious, is led by a leader, often involves group participation, always has a purpose
Meeting	is stressful, is a new beginning, is for the workplace, feels fresh, is scary.
Meeting	coming together, conference, encounter, come in contact with, meeting time, location, rendezvoux
Meeting	a group of people coming together to talk about issues, problems, celebrations, upcoming events, important events, dilemmas, an organized set-up, president ran, different heads speak, speakers present, people interacting in productive manner
Meeting	planned, group, topic, discussion
Meeting	work, business, people, talking.
Meeting	sundays, dress clothes, social 
Meeting	a scheduled confrontation of something
Meeting	A grouping of people, to discuss items of business or problems with another.
Meeting	place where business is conducted, helps people join together, new people
Meeting	with a group of people, meet to talk/ discuss a topic
Meeting	appointmentmandatoryimportant
Meeting	boring, long, uneventful
Meeting	A gathering of people, typically in a more professional manner, in an attempt to get business done to benifit the members involved in the meeting or who the members represent.
Meeting	An exchange between two people
Meeting	a gathering
Meeting	long and boringdiscusses certain issueshopes to resolve any differences in opinionnecessary for advancement
Meeting	having an appointment, causes stress, introduced to someone 
Meeting	Conducting business, group of people, ajenda, has offices, and members, could be weekly, monthly or annually, could be local, state or national levels, small group of people, lunch, 
Meeting	conferencebusinessspeakers tablescoffee
Meeting	Is a gathering, multiple people, discussion, can be formal, 
Meeting	Groups of people, Discussions, Coming together as a group, helping others help you. Providing your opinion in front of a group of peers.
Meeting	compulsory arrangement, voluntary arrangement. romantic liaison. to meet. smells like paper and feels like boredom, except for the last choice. Used to bring all types of people together
Meeting	boring, table, important information, 
Meeting	When two or more people are face-to-face to discuss a certain topic held a place of choice at a certain time.
Meeting	businesses, appointments, arrangements, matches, competitions, new people
Meeting	group, school, work, getting together, working things out, fixing things, getting something done.
Meeting	people come together to talk about certain topics
Meeting	when a group of people get together and disscuss a certian topic
Meeting	gathering of two or more people, a place for discussion, can be any length of time, indoors, outdoors, emotional, business, academic.
Meeting	seeing someone new, having a conference 
Meeting	a social gathering of people, can be for any reason, held in offices, in classrooms, churches, purpose is to discuss things among members
Meeting	group, get together
Meeting	is for clubs, is when a group of people get together to discuss something
Meeting	agreement to meet, specific time, business meeting, meeting with a teacher, a date sometimes, esscential for businesses to operate effectively
Meeting	a gathering, a coming together, a briefing, used as a time to talk about important information that needs to be passed on in a larger scale
Meeting	set up for something to be discussed, may be between two people, may be a room full of people
Meeting	A conference; place held with a group of people; accomplishes a task within a group; gets things done.
Meeting	club, dicussion,work, 
Meeting	an assembly, union, gathering, group meeting, convention
Meeting	work, friendship, ideas, places, problems and solutions, employees
Meeting	a scheduled get-together at an appointed time,
Meeting	is a boring event, is informative, can help improve skills
Meeting	it is a gathering, it is business, it is suits and ties, it is money
Meeting	gathering with people, gives information
Meeting	when two people greet each other, parties, social events
Meeting	exchange, conference
Meeting	Fraternity, Class, Lecture
Meeting	group, friends, date, employment
Meeting	group of people, discussion, circle of people all talking, businesses.
Meeting	what is done between people to get things accomplished, a gathering of people, usually set at certain time
Meeting	business
Meeting	friends, girls, parents, children, bosses, employees, 
Meeting	boss, work, school, group, co-workers, peers, presentations, supervisor, discussions, informative, 
Meeting	A scheduled get together between two or more people. Usually important to show up to. Exchange of information and ideas. An interview is a type of meeting. 
Meeting	group of people, talk about something (business plans, events, etc) Usually around a table, and talk about a issue.
Meeting	gathering, notes, learning of information, sales pitch
Meeting	many people creating ideas, recap on how things are going, 
Modern	up to date, fresh, new, current, present
Modern	describes nouns, new, recent, 21-first century, mordenized world, makes people happy, new technology, makes life easier, better overall life condition 
Modern	architecture, clean lines, period of time, present period of time,  
Modern	History Channel modern marvels, up to date, stylish
Modern	now, new, the 21 century, modern warfare
Modern	is now, is new things, is not old, is always changing
Modern	new-age, up to date, clothes
Modern	contemporary, recent, chic, a time period, 
Modern	older days, older things
Modern	is new, up to date, advanced, a current standard, contemporary, is non-traditional
Modern	is current, is trendy, is desirable, is clothing, is a design, is a building.
Modern	current, contemporary, style, up-to-date, present-day, twenty-first century, 
Modern	is something that is new or up-to-date, describes something that is current, hot on the market, latest technology, something that is stylish, sleek, faster, better, more portable, easier to use, looks cool, cutting edge, something in the twenty-first century
Modern	New, Current, Technology, Present tense.
Modern	cold, clean lines, city life, stainless steel, white, black, miniumal.
Modern	clean lines, simple, elegant, 
Modern	today, fashionable, in todays time
Modern	very common in todays world
Modern	designs, buildings, cultures, technology
Modern	today society, social norms
Modern	hipcurrent
Modern	fashion, old, vintage
Modern	Items or concepts that have changed over time and adapted to be more beneficial or efficient.
Modern	new and improved, sometimes questionable, 
Modern	things happening today, not past things
Modern	not ancientabstractdefying previous established ways of life
Modern	means contemporary, is new, starts out clean,not unmolested yet,newest invention, smaller than old 
Modern	current, recent, neutral colors, 
Modern	today's societylanguageactivities
Modern	is a characteristic, current time period, can refer to pop culture, here and now
Modern	Recent, Up to date, Technology, Whats in style, The present.
Modern	electronics, hybrid cars, blue ray, i phone 52 and robots
Modern	New, style
Modern	common, same, up to date, now
Modern	today, relative to time in society development, up to date, fresh, latest edition
Modern	today's world, normal.
Modern	up-to-date, current
Modern	Things that happen today are considered modern
Modern	up-to-date, technological advancement, cell phones, skyscrapers, computers; medical advancements.
Modern	means new, is unique, is trendy 
Modern	Now-a-days, current, relevant, could mean improvement, used to describe what's happening now
Modern	present day, past, future, right now
Modern	is older, is used when talking about time
Modern	technolgy, internet, culture
Modern	always being ahead of the curb, 2012, with or ahead of the times, knowing what is new, new science, new fashion, up on current events, trends, etc 
Modern	in the current times, may describe fashion, design, literature
Modern	New; shiny; abstract. Sometimes refers to a type of art, looked at differently compared to the naturalistic style of rennisance art; Bold; usually holds some kind of statement to be different or expensive; houses and furniture considered to be different or modern are considered cool and in style.
Modern	Fashion, computers, New
Modern	in the now generation, recent, contemporary person, present, up to date
Modern	new age, trendy, mall, boutiques, department stores, women, upper class, celebrities, houses/homes, TV shows, shoes, clothing, jewelry
Modern	New, not old-fashioned, bright, sharp, up to date, stark, 
Modern	is present, is new, is hip, is now
Modern	it is current, it is high tech, it is stuff you don't normally see
Modern	now a days, unique, present day
Modern	technology, 
Modern	new
Modern	Style, Homes, Present
Modern	New, fresh, Edgy,young, hip
Modern	call of duty modern warfare, new, technologically advanced, up to date, current, describes something.
Modern	contemporary, recent, up-to-date, new
Modern	contemporary
Modern	science, style, 
Modern	contemperary, today, new, up to date, fresh, contemporary, current, now, recent, state of the art, cutting edge,
Modern	New age. Modern Family is a television show. To be modern is to be up with the times. Everything is new. Out with the old-fashioned. 
Modern	New, our era, something that is not old.
Modern	with it, up to date, happening right now, present
Modern	as in today, not the past, 
Package	a box or bag with items in it, items are usually being given to another person by the person who put the items in the box or bag.
Package	box, curious, excited, wrapped, brown, heavy, 
Package	box, big envelope, is brown or yellow, can be heavy or lightweight, usually is a gift, comes from the mail, UPS, given to you by a mailman, feel happy when receiving a package, if you shake it, it may raddle or doesnt, 
Package	mail, delivery, UPS, Fedex, plane, semi truck, signing a form, postage stamps
Package	something you can send to someone, can come in a box or an envolope, brown paper and strings 
Package	is delivered, is opened, contains an item, is exciting, is in a box
Package	Christmas, birthday, wrapped in wrapping paper, bow on it, comes with a card, UPS, FedEx
Package	Comes in the mail, usually in a box, can be wrapped up, sometimes it is brown, you can send them to someone, storage
Package	box, presant
Package	is a mystery, is delivered, is mailed, is exciting, is a surprise, is a relief, costs money, uses stamps, uses boxes, uses the post office, is driven in trucks, is weighed, is ordered, is a gift, is a sale, can be heavy, often filled with foam, is often white or brown cardboard, is taped shut, sometimes is fragile, smells like cardboard, used by people, can hold cookies!
Package	is a gift, is a surprise, can be dangerous, is given on special occasions, arrives in the mail, is wrapped, is taped, is a box, has stamps.
Package	a box or bundle that is delivered, brown box, delivery, mail, container, parcel
Package	is a box that can be sent out in the mail or received, contains items, heavy or light, can be used to store objects, can help organize, can bring joy to a person, often sent and received around the holidays
Package	mysterious, open, mail, delivered
Package	present, christmas, birthday, mail, ups, brown, stamps.
Package	ups, fed ex, mail christmas 
Package	gift, something in the mail, wrapped
Package	A gift of some sort received in the mail or by hand typically thought of as brown
Package	something you pick up, something that is mailed, involves a box, is usually greeted with enthusiam
Package	mail, box, you get excited when you receive a package, 
Package	presentmailgift
Package	mail, large or small, sent, present or gift
Package	A box or gift that is wrapped up and sent through the postal service.
Package	Comes in the mail, usually in a box
Package	a box full of items, wrapped, contains something
Package	brownsent in the mailcontains good things
Package	is a box,is a bag, needs wrapping, is brown, requires shipping, is delivered, 
Package	comes in the mail, box, present, something is inside, 
Package	mailedbigsmall
Package	large, mail man, delivers, is usually a wrapped box, can refer to a man's genitals
Package	Delivery, new shoes, mail, can be both good and bad.
Package	a box. a parcel. brown, or white. arrives by mail. ups, dhl, fed ex. 
Package	Something in a box, something in a bundle, 
Package	gift, box, sent, mail, tapped, holds an item, birthday
Package	delivery, assortment, baggage, box, combination of things that are desired
Package	UPS, money, a gift, present, mom, online shopping.
Package	mail, a compartment with an object located in it, usually larger than an envelope.
Package	Usually a box or envelope in which a person recieves mail
Package	can be many different sizes, often comes in the mail, brown, cause excitement.
Package	contains items, can contains presents, they are exciting to get, come in many different colors, is sent through the mail, is given to in person 
Package	an everyday object that is presented in wrapping, can be mailed or hand delivered, can contain multiple objects, can be anything
Package	brown, mail, wrapping, delivery
Package	is something someone gives/sends you, is something you can get in person, is something you can get in the mail, is usually a surprise.
Package	shipped, brown box, sealed up, fragile, bubble wrap, tapped up
Package	is a box, is a square, is a rectangle, is wrapped, has brown paper, has stamps on it, it has a sender and a maling address, it contains items or documents inside  
Package	can be sent in the mail, may be a present, holds things inside, may bring happiness to others, is delivered, may be wrapped, often is a box with elements inside
Package	A Parcel; mail; object recieved. Could also be taken as a reference to Male Genitals.
Package	Ups, Penis's
Package	wrapped object, sealed, boxed, parcel, 
Package	letter, gift, post office, feels exciting, could be nervous, shipping, christmas, birthday, holidays
Package	a box, something wrapped, a gift, unknown contents, something ordered,
Package	comes in mail, contains items, is great to get, can be heavy or small, 
Package	it is UPS, it is Christmas, it is presents
Package	box, mail
Package	box, mailed from someone, gift, excitement, delivered by UPS, brown box, tape on edges so stuff doesn't fall out, cardboard, sticker with address,
Package	fedex, ups, mail
Package	Fedex, UPS, Care Package
Package	Gift, mail, UPS, FedEx, USPS, Boxes
Package	box, in the mail, tape, packing peanuts, sent to someone, gift, usps, ups, fed ex.
Package	a box, something that comes in the mail, something wrapped, a gift
Package	present
Package	mail, air mail, post office, priority shipping, ebay
Package	delivery, exciting, UPS, mail, postal service, ground, air, next day, box, baggage, luggage, 
Package	What you place belongings in, used to mail objects, carriers of packages include FedEx and UPS, Christmas presents can be in packages, store bought items typically come in packages. 
Package	box, mail, contains something, packing peanuts, mailbox.
Package	box, UPS, mail, FED EX, goodies inside
Package	Gift, Mail, Grandparents, Birthday, 
Perfect	no flaws, can not be bettered, nothing out there that is better
Perfect	flawless, satisfaction of something coming out perfect, exciting, accomplished, excellent, spotless, supreme, describes a noun, 
Perfect	no imperfections, flawless, beautiful, can not do anything wrong, ideal image, highest standard, 
Perfect	teachers pet, never makes mistakes, always looks good, everyone envy's them, a role model
Perfect	no flows, beatiful, handsome, diamond, perfect day,
Perfect	is me, is unattainable, is something to strive for, is impossible, is unrealistic
Perfect	Great, everything grand, no mistakes
Perfect	above average, great, fabulous, flawless, no defects, meets every requirement
Perfect	correct
Perfect	is without flaws, is a delusion, is a goal, is an exaggeration, is a compliment, is imagined to be beautiful, is used to describe excellent aspects, features, or things, is used to encourage, people use it in speech
Perfect	is unrealistic, is a goal, is a standard, is a compliment, is a dream, is happiness, is close relationships, is a fulfilling life.
Perfect	without flaws, an ideal type, exact, very accurate, unblemished, expert,
Perfect	is something that is flawless, no errors, no problems, no blemishes, something immaculate, something people strive for but can never achieve, everything else is inferior, an ideal idea, place, person, better than the rest, unrealistic
Perfect	Excellent, absolute best, "A Grades", flawless.
Perfect	love, perfection, no flaws, exact
Perfect	Jesus, the perfect margarita from applebees 
Perfect	everything is right, nothing is going wrong
Perfect	Can not get any better, pristine 
Perfect	is unattainable, what people wish they could be
Perfect	everything is good, went how planned, everything you looked for in someone, no flaws, exactly how you want it
Perfect	Elle Woods from Legally Blondehas everythingeverything fitting into placesmells sweet and like summer
Perfect	nothing is perfect, no flaws
Perfect	A state of mind that nothing is wrong and that everthing is going the way an individual wants things to go.
Perfect	No faults, can do no wrong, no imperfections
Perfect	without fault, the ideal thing
Perfect	idealhas no flawsheavenlyshould not be changed100%
Perfect	life can be, not accidental, heaven, God is, created as intended, successful
Perfect	state of mind, describes an objects shape, size, color, or overall appearance, 
Perfect	what we strive to beisn't possible
Perfect	the most desired, unachievable, complete, whole 
Perfect	NOthing is wrong. Nothing can be improved. What everyone strives for. The perfect season 19-0
Perfect	flawless, or to achieve the impossible. the elusive dreamer. 
Perfect	without flaws, no imperfection, 
Perfect	couldnt be better, no mistakes, just right
Perfect	flawless, superlative, accomplished, experienced, beyond comparison, spotless, superb, utopia
Perfect	non-existent.
Perfect	without error
Perfect	when nothing is wrong
Perfect	without fault, requires hard work and practice, often unattainable.
Perfect	very good at what is happening, something that many people strive for
Perfect	there are not flaws, nothing's wrong, spotless, untouched, can be associated with happiness or religion 
Perfect	infallible, shining 
Perfect	is impossible, is what people strive to be, is something you can only attain with a lot of practice
Perfect	beautiful and or handsome, no blimishes, great hair, excellent personality, fun, negative in no way, not being wrong ever, none existent.
Perfect	state of being,exact, no need for change, good the way it is.
Perfect	zero flaws, Jesus, impossible by humans, exact measurement
Perfect	the ideal state of mind, being, or achievement; nothing is better or higher than being perfect; relates to 100%; complete or finished; relates to someone being perfect or considered a perfectionist.
Perfect	God
Perfect	great, proficient, pure, excellent, complete, fully accomplished, better, 
Perfect	epitome, high point, nothing is wrong, better than good, happy, satisfied with nothing but the best
Perfect	everything correct, overachiever, nothing wrong, okey-dokey, wonderful
Perfect	does not exist, can not be achieved, is what no one can be
Perfect	it is that girl or guy, it is a dream, it is unattainable
Perfect	no imperfections, good, reliable
Perfect	nothing is wrong
Perfect	Awesome, top of the line, prime, incredible
Perfect	A+, Score, Game
Perfect	never wrong, excellent
Perfect	no one, practice makes perfect, exactly the way you want something, simple plan song, great, fantastic.
Perfect	flawless, nothing is perfect, nothing wrong
Perfect	100 percent
Perfect	ten, 100%
Perfect	no such thing, absolute, accomplished, experienced, expert, finished, ideal, pure, superb,
Perfect	The act of being flawless. Nothing is wrong. Everything is correct. Being a perfect human beings is impossible. People who portray to be perfect are annoying. Nobody's perfect. 
Perfect	No defects, 100%,
Perfect	excellent, awesome, nothing is wrong
Perfect	Wonderful, Amazing, 100%, 
Politics	ideas pertaining to government and rules
Politics	goverment, frustration, goverment policys, corruption, taxes, used to govern a country, 
Politics	President, republican, democrat, debates, it is all over the news, voting, policies, government,  
Politics	intense, augmentative, congress, house of representatives, president, news papers, stock market
Politics	a politic is someone in power, money, power
Politics	is dirty, is important to society, is corrupt, needs to be cleaned up, runs our government
Politics	Rich, republicans, democrats, sneaky, creepy, liars,November you vote
Politics	government, influences policy, elections, red, white, and blue, competition for power and leadership
Politics	president, elections
Politics	is government, is manipulation, is complicated, is found on television, newspapers, magazines, and the Internet, is used by people, is ambitious, can lead to power and responsibility, involves speeches sometimes written by someone else, is taking a stance on an issue, is stating an opinion, is found in countries all over the world, becomes a big issue around election time, is used to gain a position, is strategy, is a gamble, involves countless differing opinions, involves debate
Politics	are risky, are debated, are controlled, are controversial, are a sport, are a contest, are falsified, can not always be trusted.
Politics	government, social issues, campaigning, policy, political science, power, presidency,
Politics	is the art of government, many people working together to administer a larger group of people, involves campaigning, swaying of people's views and opinions, selling of oneself, making one appear better than another, smart management, having authority, making, approving, following through laws
Politics	corruption, government, parties, money, power
Politics	president, government, america, mean
Politics	republican, dislike for the president, washington dc, jefferson city, governor, speaker of the house, laws, bills, senate, house of representatives, 
Politics	voting, goverment people
Politics	Group of people running for leadership of a country
Politics	confusing, cause of wars, cause of disagreements, has different sides, involves voting, involves people who lie, dictators, government
Politics	White house, state and federal laws, democrat/republican, beliefs and morals, election time, voting
Politics	stressfulusually cause arguments 
Politics	liars
Politics	The principles and concepts that help form a government that help run a nation, state or local community it terms of creating order.
Politics	Government, debates, voting, scandals, candidates
Politics	debate within the government 
Politics	governmentnever gets anything donebickeringparties
Politics	is liberal, is conservative, full of attack, usually unfair, most are criminal, most are thieves, all are lawyers,  
Politics	political views, republicans, democrats, voting, campaining, canidates, money, elected, government, legislation, power, 
Politics	boringdemocratsrepublicans
Politics	everything that is around government, politicians engage in, dull, getting elected crap, not real government, shame, mockery, what really killed george washington
Politics	The cause of many arguments. The way the government and pretty much everything is run.
Politics	pointless circle of innuendos, games, riddles and unnecessary spin. lies, betrayal and lobbyists. 
Politics	disconnected from voters, evil, horrible people 
Politics	news, debates, information, life, events, 
Politics	"Big Whigs", left wing and right wing, controversial, governmental processes, legislative, executive, judicial
Politics	stupid, ridiculous, I don't really care much about it.
Politics	issues within the government and points of view
Politics	peoples views on government
Politics	important; decisions made by politicians; citizens have a say in politics; different all over the world.
Politics	refers to the government, democrats, republicans, president, secretary, propositions, voting 
Politics	Government, is very confusing, republic and democratic, laws, legislation, judgement, president, govenors
Politics	politicians, lying, saying things you don't mean, president, congress, house of reps
Politics	is government
Politics	Obama, Gore, Bush, The Daily Show with John Stewart, Republican, Democrat, Debates, elections, voting, constitution, bill of rights, house of representatives, senate, supreme court, bills, laws
Politics	Republican Party: belief where the power rests in the citizens entitled to voteDemocratic Party: government by the peoplePolitics are everywhere from Major corporations to little businesses 
Politics	include presidents, consist of politicians, conversations about politics may create tension, change, democrats, republicans, deal with country
Politics	government tactics or arguements meant to distract citizens from the actual problems of the country; have become more corrupt thoughout the years and are now ofter frowned upon by youth.
Politics	Pres. Obama
Politics	alot of talking, elections, debates, boring, affairs, republican, democrat, both, seriousness, never happy
Politics	debates, president, senators, campaign, white house, house of representatives, senate, money, laws, voting
Politics	politicians, dirty, unproductive, lawmaking, agravating, sure to cause an argument or heated discussion,
Politics	is evil, is boring, costs lots of money, is a waste of money, is a waste of time
Politics	it is boring, it is vital, it is complicated, it is scandalous
Politics	obama, president, republican, democrat
Politics	government, campaigns, multiple people competing for one spot, intense
Politics	republicans, dumb democrats, liberals
Politics	Obama, Conservative, Liberals
Politics	Democrat, republican, liberatarian, donkey, elephant, uncle sam, congress, 
Politics	arguments, old men, voting, on the TV, gov, dress nice, dressed nice, know a lot about the economy/world.
Politics	often based on lies, rule our country, conservative/liberal, religion, marriage, sexuality, choices, laws, Congress, presidency
Politics	President
Politics	government, president, voting, campaigns 
Politics	liberal, repulican, government, leaders, laws, policy, legisature, foreign affair, civics, 
Politics	GROSS. Politics are boring among most teenagers. However, I may be biased. Associated with the government. Political science, political views. 
Politics	Barack Obama, Washington DC, CNN, the world, liberal, conservative.
Politics	liars, democrats, republicans, donkey, elephant, president, liberal, conservative 
Politics	Lying, President, Vice-presdiant, senate, house,
Priest	a human being who has relations with holy ideas and morals, usually teaches in a church or shrine or something of that sort, teaches, tells stories, leader figure, most of the time is a man, may be a woman depending on the religion.
Priest	Catholic church, preaches at church, holy man, wise, negative thinking with recent child abuse cases, 
Priest	religion, church, forgiveness, leader of church, preacher, 
Priest	Catholic, holy, confession, preacher, robes, candles, chruch
Priest	someone who is religious, believes in God, recent movie that come out, wears robes, hears confessions
Priest	is a man, is catholic, is holy, is a leader, is a role model
Priest	Catholic, non-married, wine, prayer, pope, black robe, red
Priest	Associates with God, a person, works in the church, wears a robe, head of the Catholic church
Priest	counselor, says mass, handles finances, weddings, baptisms
Priest	is Catholic, is a man, studies for years in a seminary, wears a Roman collar, a black cassok, dedicates his life to God, serves the people of a parish, serves as an example, teaches and preaches, prays often, is reverent, is a central part of ministry, resides at a church, says Mass, 
Priest	is holy, is ordained, has full power, serves their lord, is sometimes scandalous, is in a hierarchic, is valued, is not one in a million, is loved, is respected.
Priest	father, religious, head of parish, ordained, head of clergy, Roman Catholic, holy, preacher, leads mass, gives communion
Priest	is an ordained individual that presides over mass, can listen to confessions, can bless people, can perform healing rituals, can perform marriage ceremonies, can transform the bread and wine, can baptize, in Catholic church cannot be married, is greatly revered, seen as a father
Priest	Holy, Religious, Confession
Priest	God, catholic, leader
Priest	Catholic, private school, holy 
Priest	church, gives sermons
Priest	leader of a religious community, long cloak cross necklace
Priest	practices religion, is considered holy, helps heal other people's sins, good person
Priest	church, religion, preacher 
Priest	religiongodlecturesermonholy person
Priest	church, holy, pastor, God
Priest	A holy man that practices his religion in many forms but also can provide sermons or other forms of presentations about his religion to the general public that believe the same as him religiously.
Priest	is a person, is religous, preaches at church, takes confessions, doesn't marry
Priest	minister, someone who spreads God's word and helps the church know Christ better.
Priest	religious leaderrecently has been associated with child molestationpiousobserves the lawsa moral role model
Priest	is Catholic,could be a pedophile, wear red, at the church, most are good 
Priest	religous, head of a church, give church service, welcoming, energetic, 
Priest	robesprayerclose to Godtrustworthyfriendly
Priest	leader of a religious group, catholic, ceremonial robes, usually a man, 
Priest	Religion, Religious, Church, Christian, Nice, Trustworthy, Active in church, gives good messages, Messenger.
Priest	works sunday, quotes a lot from the bible. has limited wardrobe. works in church. believes in god
Priest	religion, mean, judgmental, forces their own ideas on others, believes their right and everyone else is wrong
Priest	teacher, speaker, head of all, incharge
Priest	leads a church, preaches about religion, performs communions, acts holy, follows bible
Priest	Catholic, church, Mary, white and black.
Priest	the head of Catholic church
Priest	someone who preaches at a mass or church
Priest	leader of congregation; Catholic; decision maker; confessional.
Priest	is involved at church, reads the bible, helps guide people 
Priest	religious person, head of a church, gives sermons, believes in God, listens to confessions, gives advice, supposed to be good
Priest	religion, cross, corruption
Priest	is the head of the church, is someone people lookk up to, is close to God
Priest	holy, christian, elder of church, helpful, knowledge, wisdom
Priest	Representative of the Church, shepherd or man of God, practices the word of God, lives by the word of God, preaches the word of God, gives sermons, baptizes, gives communion, confirmations, marriages, funerals, some conduct excorcisms
Priest	Catholic, often has a bad reputation for child molestation, members of church confess sins to him, black robe, marries couples
Priest	a man considered to be holy in many religions; wise in the ways of his religion; looked too as a connection between his followers and their god; also a superhero who battled the undead in the 2011 movie.
Priest	The pope
Priest	religion, preacher, christian, holy, father, man of God
Priest	pastor, minister, church, monastery, religion, faith, questions, praying, songs, preaching, sermons, messages
Priest	A holy or religious leader, someone in charge of beliefs,
Priest	is a religious leader, is Catholic, is reverent
Priest	it is holy, it is sacred, it is trusted
Priest	man, church
Priest	works at church, helps people, doesn't sin, good person
Priest	religion, church
Priest	Holy, Church, God
Priest	father, padre, religion, catholicism, crosses, incense, candles
Priest	church, leader, speaks on Christ, knows the bible, dress nice, religion, christian, catholic.
Priest	minister, Catholic church, often stereotyped for misbehavior
Priest	Church
Priest	church, clergy, pope, catholic, pew 
Priest	church, hail mary, bible, leader, religion, christianity, cross, christ, Jesus, God, believer, faith, hope, joy, 
Priest	Head of a church. Religious. Teaches the bible. In several different types of religious churches. 
Priest	Jesus, Catholic, Lutheran, Father, Church, Leads church, talks about god, old testament, new testament.
Priest	Holy man, good person, preaches the word of God
Priest	Holy, Discipline, Shadow, Video game, God, Church, Males, Rome, Pope, White necktie, pulpit, 
Prom	an event held by highschools in celebration of the end of the year, usually in attendance:teachers/chaperones, students that are seniors, sometimes juniors, dancing is involved usually, food, formal, held once a year.
Prom	class dance, friends,held in high school, comfortable, fun, excited, sad since last time to be with all your friends, nervous for college and moving on 
Prom	dance, dress, tux,  you have a date, with group of friends, flowers, food, limo, take lots of pictures, for juniors and seniors in high school, an enjoyable evening, evening with lots of memories, you hear lots of music, fancy setting, major event in high school, 
Prom	dancing, music, girls, dressed up, expensive, senior year, lights, pictures, nice dining
Prom	a dance in high school, senior prom, junior prom, prom night, dresses, tuxs, flowers, music, pictures
Prom	is fun, has dancing, is a great memory, has a lot of alcohol, has a limo, is a date
Prom	Colorful dress, junior and senior years in high school, dance, hair is fixed like a princess, men wear tuxes, limos, fancy food, parties afterwards
Prom	Biggest dance of high school, girls wear long and formal dresses, boys wear tux, formal
Prom	dance, high school
Prom	is a dance, is in high school junior and senior year, held at different venues, has different themes, lots of decorations, is formal, can be expensive, a time for having fun, hanging out with friends, avoiding other people, wishing someone would ask you to dance, has good food, beautiful dresses, a lot of preparation especially with hair and makeup, has loud music, dim lights, is exciting, people laugh and smile and get goofy, guys tend to sweat, is a celebration, post-prom depression follows afterwards, 
Prom	is for upperclassmen, is an event, is remembered, is formal, is flashy, is a show, is a memory, can be disastrous. 
Prom	dancing, dress, date, prom king, prom queen, music, dinner, pictures
Prom	is a dance, usually hosted by juniors in high school for upperclassmen, held at nighttime, girls getting glamorous, expensive dresses, make-up appointments, hair appointments, girls going tanning to look dark in dresses, boys buying flowers, renting tuxedos, limousines, having a good time with friends 
Prom	love, gowns, fun, limos, high school
Prom	high school, fun, drinking, dancing, partying
Prom	tux, dress, high school romance
Prom	dance, dress, glitter, nails, hair done
Prom	Dance at the end of the year in high school for upperclassman. big fancy dresses and tuxes.
Prom	a dance, upperclassman attend, wasn't fun at all, take a limo, go with a date, dance to music
Prom	senior year, upperclassmen, date, long dress, up-do, get your makeup done, find a date, school year is coming to an end, party bus, big group, pictures, friends, high school, nails done, going to a hotel, expensive, ticket prices, school ID, limo, coordinating colors, matching your date
Prom	excitementlovememorieshigh schoolsenior year promgiving and receiving flowersdresses and feeling prettyshoes and heels hurtinghair all donemakeup makes you feel prettymen look handsome
Prom	memories, high school, senior year, after party
Prom	An event for high school seniors and their dates for a chance to dance and have a good time with their fellow classmates. Some proms give out awards and crown a prom king and queen
Prom	A dance in highschool, a milestone, usually senior year, formal
Prom	high school dance, fun, dress up, 
Prom	a high school girl's dreama high school boy's nightmaretoo expensiveunnecessaryoverdoneelegant dresses and tuxedosdance
Prom	having to dance,having to dress up, is dark, lots of  alcohol, maybe sex, was decorated, had a date
Prom	High school dance, dress up, dancing, music, flowers, decorations, limos, dates, dinner, makeup, hair dos, Junior or seniors, Saturday, Social Event, 
Prom	dressesdatesdinnerdancingheelsafterparty
Prom	social gathering, high school, fancy event, sexy, involves snacks, involves decorations 
Prom	Rite of Passage, Exciting, great memories of high school.
Prom	long time ago. lots of young people enjying themselves and drinking. dressing up in a tux. graduating high school and going to college. becoming a man, or woman!!
Prom	boring, overpriced, you have to have a date, dinners before, very formal, Highschool, seniors  
Prom	dance, food, friends, event, music, photos, senior, high school
Prom	rite of passage, must go before graduating high school, great lifetime experience
Prom	pretty dresses, shopping, eating, being asked on a date, corsages, fancy cars, pictures, high heels, scenes, music, dancing, fun, one of the last dances you'll have in high school, high school. 
Prom	dance for juniors and seniors in high school, formal attire, usually eat dinner
Prom	a night to get dressed up and dance for high schoolers
Prom	end of high school, one night, dance, fancy dresses, expensive, several hours, sentimental.
Prom	dance, dresses, tuxedos, dinner, pictures, flowers, pretty 
Prom	a high school dance, a time for fun, teenagers dressed formally, done at night, loud music is played, promagade, colorful, happiness, excitement 
Prom	dress, suit, party
Prom	is formal, is pretty, is full of dresses and tuxedos, is decorated according to theme
Prom	Boring, dressed up, bad food, limo ride
Prom	Highschool, Seniors, enjoy dancing, get to dress up, usually are accompanied by a lovely young man or young woman, symbolism of adulthood being around the corner
Prom	Juniors and seniors attend, high school, decorations, dresses, tuxedos, party busses, limos, nice dinner, hotel, friends, pictures, hair appointments, nail appointments, heels, dancing, queen, king, parties
Prom	considered to be the highlight of many highschool students year; a large dance, very formal, may consist of drinking and after parties and sex.
Prom	Beautiful dresses, dates, Lights, dinner, boutiners, coruasges, heels, Dancing
Prom	dress up, formal, dancing, music, competition for most popular award, fun, high school
Prom	dance, dresses, tuxes, dates, queen, king, loud, fun, food, restaurant, peers, friends, money, football, high school, students and teachers, big dance hall
Prom	high school dance, Juniors and Seniors, formal dress, corsages, punch, chaperones, theme, decorations, dates, anguished over, can cause anxiety or ecstasy, limo rides, drinking, setting in teen slasher movies,
Prom	is a formal event, is a dance, costs lots of money, has lots of formal wear
Prom	it is love, it is sex, it is dancing, it is lights, it is partying, it is the best night of your high school life
Prom	dance, eat, drinks, fun
Prom	Dance, People go with dates, music, dancing, party, girls get dressed up in long dresses, guys where tuxes, limo, for juniors and seniors in highschool
Prom	dance, prom king, highschool
Prom	Passive Range of Motion, Fun, High School
Prom	Dance, Dates, Music, Lights, D.J., friends, teachers, streamers
Prom	dance, high school, king and queen, dress nice, expensive, dinner, dates, limos, parties, fun.
Prom	wear a dress to prom, tuxedo, limousine, dancing, dinner, uncomfortable shoes, expensive, high school
Prom	fun
Prom	night, king, queen, 
Prom	dresses, dates, limos, dancing, music, dinner, group, tickets, king and queen, pictures, fun, formal, hotels, ballrooms, fancy, 
Prom	For seniors and juniors. High time of drama. Who will take who?? Who will be in who's limo?? The final time period of one's senior year. Spring. Tends to have theme. 
Prom	high school, dress up, formally, date, girls, drinking.
Prom	dance, pretty dresses, suits, party bus, pictures
Prom	dresses, money, limos, dancing, special night,
Seven	an ammount, a number, revered in most cultures as lucky, is the sum of three and four, is the sum of two and five, is the sum of one and six, etc.
Seven	a number, represents an amount, lucky number, can tell the time or date, money, 
Seven	after six, before eight, amount of an object, describes amount, describes an age, group, 
Seven	gas station, alcoholic drink, a movie named seven, the seven dwarves, lucky 7
Seven	number, seven dwarves, 7
Seven	is a number, is a measurement, is lucky, is a young age
Seven	Brad Pitt, after 6, before 8
Seven	a number, symbolizes luck
Seven	the number, gas station,age, how many
Seven	is a number, is considered lucky, is used as a symbol, is a young age, is used to keep track of things, is used by people, can be written or said, can be counted, is used in mathematics and science, is used to calculate
Seven	is a number, is after six, is before eight, has five letters, is in the top ten, is an age, is young.
Seven	number, between 6 and 8, lucky number, VII, 
Seven	a number between six and eight, lucky number, a single digit, David Beckham, dark, superstition, 
Seven	number, days in a week, prime number
Seven	lucky, number, prime number.
Seven	slot machines, 777, lucky number 
Seven	a number, lucky
Seven	A number between 6 and 8, is made up of two lines
Seven	a number, considered lucky, is odd, one digit
Seven	days of the week, between 6 & 8
Seven	unluckyodd
Seven	eight, nine
Seven	A single digit number that is between 6 and 8. Is a prime number and in some cultures and superstitions is believed to be lucky. looks like an upside-down and backwards "L"
Seven	a number, common lucky number
Seven	one more than six, one less than eight
Seven	a numberconsidered to be unluckyin between 6 and 8
Seven	can be lucky, bible is all about, days of the week, perfect number, worshiped by cult, a number, used to count
Seven	number, have a value, can be a digit or word, describes a quantity
Seven	numberlucky
Seven	is a number, between six and eight, the french sept, considered lucky, religious value, number of days in a week, a touchdown in football
Seven	A number, Lucky Number, Number of people in my family, is a favorite number to most.
Seven	is number and a film with brad pitt. seven deadly sins. seven theoretically being a lucky number. seven dwarfs
Seven	Lucky number, 
Seven	number
Seven	a number, lucky number, the amount of days in a week, the month of july
Seven	eleven, the age I once was, a number.
Seven	a number before 8 and after 6
Seven	the number after 6, (7)
Seven	a number; lucky.
Seven	is a number, is a single didgit number, is typically a lucky number 
Seven	a number, useful in mathematics, comes after six and before eight, basic, small,  
Seven	number, amount, quantity
Seven	is a number, is after 6, is before 8
Seven	a number, one more than six, one less than eight. could be an age, currency, measurement of temperature or distance
Seven	is a number, for some seven is a lucky number, seven days in a week, seven comes after six, seven comes before eight, seven has five letters 
Seven	lucky number, odd number, looks like an upside-down backwards 'L', prime number, before eight, after six, real number, whole number
Seven	a number; comes after six and before eight; considered a holy number to most christians, seven deadly sins, etc. three in a row are considered holy or lucky, via slot machines.
Seven	Luck
Seven	number, lucky, comes after 6 and before 8, all the days in a week, 
Seven	number, lucky, sports, counting
Seven	number after six and before eight, a set amount, age in first grade,
Seven	comes after six, is before eight, is septim in latin, is a bad position in a race
Seven	is lucky, it is sexy
Seven	a number
Seven	number, math, in the classroom, in daily life
Seven	eleven
Seven	Lucky, Jackpot, Winner 
Seven	days, brides for seven brothers, numbers, 
Seven	number, lucky, count, describes how many, refers to a numeral type, how many numbers are in a phone number.
Seven	lucky, comes after six, comes before eight, is the number of dwarfs in Snow White, the amount of information stored in short-term memory, how many times you should repeat something to memorize it
Seven	8
Seven	odd, numbers, addition, subtraction, division, multiplication
Seven	number, after six, before eight, lucky number seven, 
Seven	Lucky number seven. The number following 6, and followed by 8. Perceived to be a lucky number. Lucky Number Sleven is a hollywood movie. 
Seven	A number, age,
Seven	lucky number, casino, phone numbers
Seven	after six and before eight, age, middle school, 
Skill	the ability to do something, knowledge to do something, a craft, a hobby, may be physical, mental, emotional, social,  psychological, etc. is usually learned, can usually be taught.
Skill	talent, ability, talent, better than most, useful, used to describe people's abilities, asked my employees to get people needed for their business need. 
Skill	talent, something you are good at, usually apart of a profession, job may require one, gain by practice,  
Skill	Something someone is good at, any job
Skill	something you are good at, something you can learn
Skill	is needed to succeed, is something to build on, is a commodity, is something you work for, is important
Skill	artsy, skillful
Skill	abilties, develops from practice, a special or unique technique of someone, an accomplishment
Skill	something your good at, have the best knowledge in
Skill	is a talent, is practiced and developed, it grows, is an innate ability, is a gift, can improve performance, is used in athletics, academics, arts, or interpersonal, is different kinds of intelligences, can be experienced, is found in people, is sometimes found in animals, can make a person respected, well-known and admired, can make others jealous, can make a person arrogant
Skill	is found in everyone, has many types, can be natural, can be learned, can be taught, is applied.
Skill	talent, ability, someones aptitude, having the competence to do something
Skill	is a person's ability to do something well, may be associated with talent, can involve accuracy, can be born with it, can be enhanced with practice, precision, balance, hand-eye coordination, agility, technique, a gift
Skill	talent, ability, passion
Skill	jobs, money, hobby, something your good at.
Skill	advanced, more knowledge in an area 
Skill	talent, specific requirement
Skill	Something that someone or something is good at
Skill	helps get things done, many different kinds, almost everything requires it
Skill	talented at specific thing, 
Skill	something you're good atsomething you excel atwanting to improve
Skill	something to possess, something that a person is good at
Skill	The ability to do a certain task in a proficient or effective manner based on continuous training or experience with the task.
Skill	Ability to preform a task
Skill	ability to do something well
Skill	attributesomething to acquiredrequires practice to obtainhard to do for others without ita trade 
Skill	to teach, having talent, to learn, is useful, brand of saw, being trained
Skill	knowledge, ability to do something, 
Skill	something you are good atsomething you practice
Skill	something that is possessed, can be improved through work, level, had by all, 
Skill	Having the ability to be good at something. You have a SKILL, these can be in sports, computers, or even studying.
Skill	having a gift. to be great at something individual
Skill	Natural, strong ability, good at, above average, aquired, talent 
Skill	talent, special, can do, enjoy, abnormal
Skill	experience, comes from practice, accomplishment, talent, ability to do something well
Skill	talent.
Skill	how well/or poorly someone does something
Skill	to be good at something 
Skill	quality, having significant knowledge of how to complete a task; job; listed on resume.
Skill	can be a manual skill, can be a labor based skill, means that you are advanced at what you do 
Skill	talent, or trade, something someone is good at, natural talent, comes easy
Skill	virtuosity
Skill	is something your good at, something you've learned
Skill	could be in sports, knowledge, cooking, driving, dancing
Skill	is knowing a trade or something very well, being versed in something is a skill, knowing all aspects of a trade is a skill, being able to show someone else this trade without help or thought is skill
Skill	one's ability to do something
Skill	Something born with or aquired that enables you to complete a specific task; can be strengthened or improved; can also be lost over time if not used
Skill	Tony hawk
Skill	art, obsolete, craftsmanship, ability, power, expertise, 
Skill	sports, music, good at something, above average, respected, professional, feels good
Skill	being good at something, a valube ability, leaned, lists on resume,
Skill	requires practice, increases in time
Skill	is a talent that you have that is better than most people
Skill	talent, unique
Skill	something you are good at
Skill	talented
Skill	Talent, Ability, Awesome
Skill	Task, test, Job, Employment
Skill	something your good at, many different types, skilled workers/ unskilled workers, practice it to get better, natural/learned, interesting. 
Skill	ability, talent, being good at a specific task
Skill	sports
Skill	level, skillful 
Skill	talent, learned, ability, craft, proficiency, trade, technique, experience, 
Skill	Having the ability to do something perfectly or exceptionally well. Once you practice, practice, practice you develop a skill. Talent. Expertise. 
Skill	skilled at something, you have a talent for it, or a natural well doing of it.
Skill	handy, computer savy, master, talented
Skill	Good at something, Music, Sports, Acting,
Sound	wavelengths that bounce off of surfaces that enter the ear and can be heard, sometimes made by the encounter of one item with another
Sound	Not visible, soundwaves, music, harmony, relaxing, voices, cars, phones, airplanes, 
Sound	loud or quiet, noisy, hear, frequency, ears, vibrations, ruckus, pitch, tone,  
Sound	Loud, soft, music, high pitched, low pitched, phones
Sound	something you hear, you jump at a load sound, load sounds hurt your ears, you can't hear certain sounds
Sound	is loud, is annoying, makes music, startles people, is a way of communication
Sound	loud, music, talking, ears, mouth
Sound	a noise, sensation of hearing, someone who is mentally healthy, not disturbed, good sleep, 
Sound	something you here,music,voices, cars, machines, dogs barking
Sound	is a noise, is loud, is quiet, is annoying, is beautiful, is found everywhere such as in music, cars, computers, voices, phones and more, is everywhere, is used in description, is made by nearly everything in some way, is invisible waves, too much can lead to deafness, can be startling, without it it can be suspenseful and eerie, deaf people cannot experience it, is used in communication, used to get attention or as an alert, decreases over time
Sound	varies in loudness, can be pleasant, can be unpleasant, has frequencies, has wave lengths, is a gift, is not heard by everyone, is found everywhere, is used in tests.
Sound	a noise, you hear it, can be loud or soft, has a pitch, tone
Sound	something that is measured through waves, can be increased with amplitude, can be held out in periods, can be soothing, is everywhere, constantly bouncing off objects, can be absorbed, can be musical, can be played, can be made, can be loud or soft, 
Sound	Noise, frequencies, Waves.
Sound	music, language, 
Sound	ears, vibrations, amplitude, pitch, loudness, 
Sound	loud, quiet, noise
Sound	Something that you hear, loud or soft, can be calming or upsetting, you use your ears to hear sound
Sound	can be loud, can be soft, can be gross, is music, is noise, involves ears
Sound	loud, soft, music, radio, in the car, ears, deaf people, different things make different sound effects, crackling of plastic, clicking noise when typing, 
Sound	i hear a ringingmusicletting yourself express yourself with what you hearanimals make soundsfamiliar that reminds you of things
Sound	noise, music, ears, listening, hearing
Sound	A type of noise that is transmitted through vibrations of the ear that can be heard and perceived based on one's passed experiences with similar sounds.
Sound	noise, racket, heard with ears
Sound	noise, not silence
Sound	audibletravels in wavesa wide varietycan be loud or softcan be strung together to be pleasing
Sound	can be loud, added dimension, can give a headache, 
Sound	noise, waves, hearing, ears, senses, 
Sound	quiet loud hearing
Sound	hearing, pleasant sounds, annoying sounds, everything causes sounds, found everywhere
Sound	SOmething you hear, cna be Loud, or Quite.
Sound	pitch and loudness. retrieved by the ears and interpreted by the brain. noise
Sound	travels at the speed of light, bounces off walls, come from everything
Sound	noise, music, tv, radio, volume, hearing
Sound	audio, auditory, echos, ears, not being deaf, echoic imagery, alarm clocks
Sound	beats, loud, soft, music, annoying, beautiful.
Sound	what someone hears
Sound	What you hear
Sound	noise, music, animails, voices, sirens; ears.
Sound	can be loud, can be soft, can be pretty, can be obnoxious, can be harsh
Sound	something you hear, could be anything: tick of a clock, vacuum cleaner, bird chirping, rustle of leaves, not to be confused with music which is more than just a sound
Sound	loud, quiet, soft, ears, noise, music
Sound	is loud, is soft, is used in everyday life, is something you hear
Sound	loud, can hurt your ears, music, jackhammer, sports stadium, rock concert, normal converation all have various levels of sound.
Sound	is waves, is pitch, is mechanical vibrations, is banging, is singing, is something produced 
Sound	a sense, created when waves enter ears, many may be heard at one time, may be loud, may be quiet, may be high, may be low
Sound	something heard; could be beautiful or terrible; music or just random sounds from objects or people in the environtment
Sound	sound waves
Sound	audible, music, ears, can be loud or quiet, how living things communicate with, beat,
Sound	music, loud, quiet, soft, hard, beat, animal noises, ears, mouth, vibration, 
Sound	a noise,  ears pick up waves of air, can be loud or soft or anywhere inbetween, can be sudden and scary or pleasant and welcomed
Sound	is vibration of air, is noise, can be music, is the music of the world.
Sound	it is a noise you hear, it is music, it is speech
Sound	something you hear
Sound	music, loud, dance to it, sing to it, good time
Sound	taste, feel
Sound	Hearing, Concert, Class
Sound	Airwaves, Vibrations, Music, Words
Sound	boom, music, hear it, can be loud or soft, pitch, tone, ears, ear drum, wave, frequencies, sensation, senses.
Sound	what you hear, music, noise, birds, steps, listen with your ears, can cause headaches
Sound	loud
Sound	loud, quiet, volume, stereo, music, Lupe Fiasco
Sound	ear, hear, pitch, volume, listen, audio, music, talking, communicating, tone, voice, vibration, noise, 
Sound	The speed of sound is blazing fast! Sound is vibrations in the ear that reach one's eardrum and become sound. Blends of sounds make music. Music is awesome. 
Sound	Music to the ears, loud quiet, sound waves, Sound is every where. Soundtrack to my life.
Sound	music, loud, soft, talking, yelling
Sound	Music, Movies, 
Spot	an area of concentration or focus, may stand out
Spot	stain, frustrated, blotch, dripper, self-conscious
Spot	circle, center, location, polka dots, place
Spot	Dalmatian, dark area, lifting weights
Spot	a certain place, spots on a dog, stain, name of a dog
Spot	is a dot, is a certain place, is a location, is a way to find someone, is a circle
Spot	name for a dog, clean-up, spot remover, shout, spot sweep, black, stain
Spot	an area, can be different from a main part (spot in the carpet), a location, a small amount
Spot	place, dot
Spot	is on animals like dogs and cats, is a stain on clothing, stands out, is a different color than its background, is used in decorations by people, people can try to get rid of it with stain removers or soap, is camoflauge, can be produced by paint, markers, food, dirt, grass, bleach, ink
Spot	is a stain, is a name, is a pattern, can be different colors, is created, is accidental.
Spot	round, stain, dot, flaw, dalmatian, smudge, place, 
Spot	is something that can be considered dirty on a clean surface, a dot, a smudge, a particular area, an area unlike all the rest, a flaw, possibly a blemish or pimple, an unwanted speck, 
Spot	Specific place
Spot	dirty, carpet, dog.
Spot	dalmatian, dog, black, ink, see something, a dot, 
Spot	a sploch, round, dog
Spot	found on animals like Holstein cows or Dalmatian dogs, or can also be a soiled section a piece of clothing
Spot	on the floor, the dog, on the horizon
Spot	a central place, meeting place, dark/light places on animals
Spot	Dalmatians have spotsimperfectionlike a stain
Spot	dog, cow, dirt, laundry, stain remover
Spot	A mark on any kind of surface that is different from its surrounding area in terms of color, texture, and shape.
Spot	a stain, or distinguishes area
Spot	a specific place
Spot	smallfound on clothingfound on dogscolorful
Spot	can stain, can mean to observe, is not clean, usually means ruined, dropped food, don't wear it dirty
Spot	stain, circle, a point on an object, dogs name, 
Spot	smudge darkstains
Spot	dog, unique or unusual, out of the ordinary change, contrast to the whole, dalmation
Spot	a rounded mark or stain made by foreign matter, as mud, blood, paint, ink,
Spot	pimple, zit. a circle. spot on a page. to spot, or to see something.
Spot	location, 
Spot	stain, noticable, set apart, mess, postion, place, location, seek
Spot	a stain, noticeable, mark, jot, little bit, annoying, small but can't miss
Spot	see spot run, dalmatian dog, stains, never coming out. 
Spot	an area
Spot	a circle,  sometimes referred to as a stain
Spot	a stain, a mark, on animals, patterns, colors
Spot	soiled, annoying, distracting
Spot	a stain, a blemish, sometimes a mistake, it's a distinctive marking, sometimes circular, or it's a place 
Spot	polka-dots
Spot	is a blotch, is sometimes found on dogs, is not a stripe, is sometimes a stain on clothes
Spot	Annoying, smells, is nasty, makes you have to change, ruins things like clothes or shoes are greasy, dirty, very gross.
Spot	is a stain:caused fluids or food products, on clothing, on floor, on carpet, on wall is a pattern: natural in animals or design in clothing or other inanimate objects to look similar to animals usuallyis a meeting place: recognized place for a group of prople to meet that is familiar to them in case they get lost or future meeting points
Spot	may be a blotch of something, may be a dog's name, may be the position of someone or something
Spot	A place; a certain place with significance; like a spot on the football field; also refers to a circular object, a spot on a dog or stain on a shirt.
Spot	Dalmations
Spot	dot, a stain, location, a mark, small
Spot	Dalmatian, certain place, black and white, many or few
Spot	a specific place, a stain or mark, 
Spot	is a point, is a blotch, can be cleaned
Spot	it is a dot on a map, it is a specific location
Spot	a stain
Spot	stain,
Spot	dot, wet
Spot	The dog, Wall, Class
Spot	Dot, Dirty, Dog, 
Spot	dot, dogs name, mark, smudge, a place, describes a location.
Spot	circular, found on a dog, stain on a shirt, speck on the floor
Spot	stain
Spot	black, dog, 
Spot	mark, stain, drop, on a animals, carpet, faberic, more than one, small, large, 
Spot	An area. Sometimes differ in color or can refer to a hangout place among friends. Mark. Patch. Dot. 
Spot	something you see. Spot in the carpet, spot on the wall, you spot someone in the crowd.
Spot	polka dot, stain, dog, Dalmatian, cruella devil, 
Spot	Animal, Pet, Dog, Color of a animal, Dalmatians, Cartoon, Movie, 
Street	an area intended for travel, usually long and semi narrow, narrow enough for type of travel intended, usually has cars as form of travel, other forms include bike, motorcycle, skateboards, etc., usually has one half for one way direction of traffic and the other half for the other way in direction
Street	a paved path, can be names or numbers, avenues, boulervards, routes, travel on streets, 
Street	road, circle, court, drive, highway, freeway, intersection, two way or one way, white line, doted yellow line, solid yellow line, parked cars, moving cars, people crossing, pedestrian, stop signs, curbs,   
Street	Houses, highway, neighborhood, basketball video game, traveling
Street	something you drive or walk on, something you live on, made of tar and rocks, one way streets
Street	is something to walk on, is something to drive on, is cement, has lines on it, has pot holes
Street	pavement, drive on, pass, road, highway
Street	people can drive a car on it, paved in concrete or asphalt, traveled on, leads people places, public way
Street	road, place were cars drive on, black or gray
Street	is a road, is driven on by vehicles, is used by people, was constructed by people, often uses money from taxes, requires upkeep, is black, is asphalt, has yellow and white painted lines, can be bumpy or smooth, can be dangerous, is lined by houses and yards, has road signs, is hot in the summer, has roadkill, has tire marks, is rough, is hard, is used for travel, is smaller than a highway, leads to different places, connects with other roads, has a name
Street	is a destination, is a path, cars drive on it, people walk it, animals roam it, it contains signs, has rules, is rarely empty, is patrolled, is vandalized.
Street	road, pavement, street lights, street signs, lines on the road, buildings, address
Street	is asphalt, concrete, tar, brick pathway that vehicles drive over, is a road, paved, includes sidewalks, includes bike routes, is used to keep organization in villages and cities, can help a person determine where they are, used to give directions, can be located on a map
Street	place for cars, signs, pavement, lines
Street	sign, road, cars drive on, dangerous for children, lines, police, cities, neighborhoods, highways.
Street	sign, one way, wrong way, roads 
Street	something you drive cars on, paved, gravel
Street	Black top road in town where vehicles drive and people live on have a yellow stripe down the middle to separate flowing traffic
Street	something you cross to get from place to place, where cars are allowed, has signs, can curve or be straight
Street	where you live, road, houses and buildings are built off these, traffic, street signs
Street	allybusynighttime is busyaccidents happen
Street	road, houses, riding bikes on the street, watching for cars
Street	A path made of asphalt and rock that generally cars or other automobiles ride on that is smooth and can easily get the vehicle from point A to point B.
Street	a road, drive or ride on, maps
Street	road, a place for cars to drive
Street	roadmade of concretelined by houses or other buildingsused for travelenhances efficiency of travel
Street	can be dangerous, can be dirty, can be clean, are for cars, are hard, can get hot, can be crowded
Street	part of the transportation system, vehicles drive on it, could be gravel or pavement, in town
Street	for drivingnamedlines in the middle
Street	used for transportation, what we drive cars on, outside of houses, we live on, large variety
Street	Roads you use to reach a destination, useful to get where your going. 
Street	outside surrounded by lots of people. yelling, shouting, smelling of garbage and sewage. (i grew in a big city) grey and concrete comes to mind
Street	road, 
Street	car, long, pavement, road to lead somewhere
Street	driven on, used as directions, seen on maps, roads, main street, dirt streets, gravel streets
Street	yellow and white, lines, pavement, black, tire marks, tires, cars, trucks.
Street	where cars drive, businesses and homes are located on the side of them
Street	usually black, used to drive on
Street	avenue, boulevard, road, cars drive on it, houses/businesses line it, names.
Street	is long, is narrow, is divided, is for vehicles, is black 
Street	something made for travel, road, cars drive on it, people cross it, children are warned to not play in it, Seasame Street, 
Street	road, signs, pavement, concrete, cars
Street	is what people drive on, is what helps us get from place to place, 
Street	pavement, road, drive, concrete, asfault, road signs, drove on by cars
Street	is what we drive on, where we park, walk, ride, it is black, is paved with tar, painted with solid lines on either side, some are meant to go one way, most are two way, used they lead us to where we need to go, used to keep us human folks in control and safe.
Street	form of location, a way to get somewhere, may be found on a map, has a name, may be named after a person, can be busy, may have houses and cars, should not be walked in
Street	a pathway in a city, town etc. used for motor vehicles, people; can be well lit and busy or abandaned and dark; usally built and kept up by the city or taxes
Street	gray, long, driving, Stop lights
Street	black pavement, yellow lines, cars drive on it, everywhere to be found, slippery when wet, 
Street	sign, houses, directions, area, towns, stop signs, driving, pavement, neighborhoods
Street	a paved road, part of an address,  in town, asphalt, striped, one or many lanes, driven on, busy or quiet, 
Street	is a path, is in a town, is interesting, is narrow, is crowded
Street	it is cars, it is yellow lines, it is black pavement, it is lights
Street	where you drive, walk, or operate machinery,cars, signs, signals
Street	cars drive on it, asphalt, yellow lines, dotted white lines, hard, pot holes, 
Street	light, cars
Street	Sesame, Cherry, 102nd
Street	Road, avenue, cobblestone, Dirt,grey, rocks
Street	road, surface to drive on, hard, pavement, smooth or bumpy, race on it, slick or grippy, cars drive on it, refers to a strip of pavement leading places.
Street	you drive on it, you can walk on it, it is usually black, has yellow and white lines, use it to get from one place to another
Street	car
Street	road, signs, cars, lights
Street	address, road, dirt, graval, pathway, avenue, back alley, track, trail, parkway, highway, deadend, court, drive, lane, boulevard, byway,
Street	A road. Houses are on streets. People have 'the street they grew up on.' Can be busy or deserted. "Working the streets" refers to prostitutes. 
Street	the pathway for us, can be gravel, paved, dirt, connects places.
Street	something you drive on, made of concrete or gravel, sign, driving, white and yellow dotted lines.
Street	Cars, Lights, Interstate, Cleaners, Wrecks, 
Sugar	white crystalls, from the plant sugar cane, used to sweeten foods, cook with, 
Sugar	sweet, gives short burst of energy, is used in candy, sodas, chocolate, etc. tastes amazing, makes you feel better, can cause cavities so then its painful, 
Sugar	tastes sweet, an ingrediant, tastes better, sugar free, add to iced tea,  
Sugar	sweet, tasty, hyper, put in coffee, sugar cane
Sugar	sweet, to much is not good for you, use it to bake, brown sugar, powered sugar, white, sticky, cookies, cake, pie
Sugar	is sweet, is tasty, makes people happy, makes people hyperactive, is an ingredient
Sugar	hyper, sweet, tasty, white, granules, fattening, eat, cook with, sweeten drinks
Sugar	sweet granules, used for baking, used in sweets, candy, white or brown, can also be a pet name for someone
Sugar	sweats, what people call loved ones
Sugar	is sweet, is an expression of endearment, is used in food, is white and grainy, comes in paper bags, is kept in glass jars, is measured, is grown in sugar canes, is grown, harvested, packaged and sold by people, much is used in desserts, is naturally-occuring in fruits, too much can lead to illness, obesity, and cavities, is fine and light, provides energy, is well-liked, is found in a kitchen, a pantry, stores, or in restaurants, is used in recipes and baking
Sugar	is used in cooking, comes in all foods, is found in beverages, is consumed by people, can hurt animals, found in a plant, is edible, is pure, can be imitated.
Sugar	sweet, sprinkle in food to make sweet, white, crystallized substance, gives flavor, 
Sugar	is a substance, it is sweet, it is associated with diabetes, tastes good, too much can make a person hyperactive, children enjoy it, found in candy and caramel, used in science in terms of monosaccharides and disaccharides, added when cooking and baking, used to enhance flavor in drinks
Sugar	Sweet, Carbohydrate, Taste.
Sugar	cake, sweets, white, grainy, crystal.
Sugar	sugar bears, dance, sweet tea, cookies 
Sugar	sweet, candy, ingredient, gritty
Sugar	White sweet crystals can also be brown or in a powder form. used in baking 
Sugar	is white, is sweet, is used in baking, is grainy, can be eaten, tastes good, is bad for you in large quantities
Sugar	needed for baking, tea and coffee, candy
Sugar	tastes good with strawberriessweet like sugarin a big jarsweetener
Sugar	tea, sweet, adds sweetness
Sugar	A sweet and tasty compound that is used in almost all food products comes from a plant known as a sugar cane. 
Sugar	Is white, and ingrediant, used a lot when baking
Sugar	a food, sweet
Sugar	is whitetastes sweetcan be unhealthy if eaten in excessused as a sweeteneris in candy and sweetstaken from sugar cane
Sugar	is sweet, is granular, can be powdery, is white, can be brown, is sticky, can make teeth hurt, can rot teeth
Sugar	sweet, white, pure, caned sugar, comes from sugar cane
Sugar	sweetwhitetastes good
Sugar	sweetness, can be added or natural, enjoyable, crystals, naturally occuring, comes from the sugar cane, grown in tropical areas
Sugar	A great taste, Candy, keeps you awake and moving, good in sweets.
Sugar	is white. is sweet. goes well with coffee and tea. Our body breaks everything down into it. sugar rush. too much of it causing insulin to spike and can lead to fat gain and diabetes
Sugar	Sweet, used in tea, 
Sugar	sweet, candy, cookies, food, energy rush
Sugar	is an adrenaline rush, good to eat, flour, dough, cooking, makes you excited, is on the best foods
Sugar	Cookies, fattening, really good, makes you hyper.
Sugar	sweet, white and crystal-like, 
Sugar	a sweet cooking deivce, used in most foods 
Sugar	sweet, white, used for baking.
Sugar	tastes sweet, is white, is granulated, comes in many forms, no smell 
Sugar	sweet, hyper, natural, chocolate, desserts, can be added to drinks, used for baking, well-liked, causes diabetes
Sugar	food, candy
Sugar	is sweet, is used when cooking, is an ingredient in cookies and cakes, is something kids love
Sugar	Sweet, in donuts, candy, drinks suchs as coke and many more. Makes children etremely hyper. Kids get alot of it for halloween. Is white, and very grainy like sand or salt
Sugar	Sugar cane, is sweet, are crystals, used in baking, used to sweeten foods, is natural, is universally used
Sugar	added to tea to make it sweet, found in candy, may be complex or simple, involved in chemistry, can be called glucose, fructose
Sugar	a sweet substance; comes from a plant; used in baking, drinks, and many foods; can also be a term of endearment for a loved one or a child
Sugar	sweet gritty, white, small, 
Sugar	to coat, to make less distasteful, sweet crystalline, 
Sugar	soda, candy, sweets, cakes, cookies, good, bad for you, makes people fat, artificial sweeteners, sweet, grainy, white, baking, birthdays, holidays, 
Sugar	sweet, used in food, from beets or cane, comes in different forms, brown white, powdered, corn frutose, glucose, sucrose, found naturally in different foods, can be overused, can cause weight gain, tooth decay
Sugar	is sweet, makes kids hyper, tastes good, is made from plants
Sugar	it is sweet, it is childish, it is candy, it is pop, it is hyper
Sugar	sweet
Sugar	sweet, white, grainy, used to bake sweet foods, used in the kitchen
Sugar	spice
Sugar	Bears, Sweet, Candy
Sugar	white, brown, sweet, rotten teeth, candy
Sugar	sweet, good in coffee, used to sweeten stuff, grown in a field, have to farm it, comes in different shapes yummy, makes your teeth bad.
Sugar	is white, is thin, is small, makes a mess, put it in tea, put it in coffee, is in cakes, is in soda, sweetness, can also be brown, used to sweeten foods, grown as sugarcane in a field
Sugar	salt
Sugar	sweet, bears, gummy bears, sour
Sugar	sweet, candy, love it, sweetner, 
Sugar	Yummy. Taste good but is not always good for you. Artificial sugars such as splenda. Sugar is good on sweets. High blood sugar is not good. 
Sugar	Used for baking, used in just about everything, good with tea. You can also call someone sugar, like an old lady says to young kids.
Sugar	sweet, coffee, candy, desert, soda, cake
Sugar	Sweet, Cake, Pie, Ice Tea, Oatmeal, Pixy Sticks, Found in Kitchens and pantries, 
Tennis	a sport, involves a yellow smallish felt ball that is bouncy, involves two people, each have a racket that they hit the ball back and forth with, a net divides the sections where the players may travel in.
Tennis	is a sport, exercise, competition, tournaments, internationally practice, competitions are held in large stadiums, exciting, entertaining, 
Tennis	is a sport, has small, green ball, has a racket, has a net, two or four people play, has a referee,  
Tennis	A green ball, Mario Tennis (video game), different surfaced courts, Wimbledon, rackets, headbands, Williams sisters 
Tennis	is a game, has a net, use a racket and ball, can play professionally or for fun, table tennis, serena and venus williams are famous players, jean billy king beat guy
Tennis	is a game, is a sport, has a ball, keeps you active, is fun, is popular
Tennis	Serina and Venus Williams, rackets, play in the spring, US Open, yellow balls, balls are bouncy, serve, 30 love, tennis shoes
Tennis	a sport, uses little flourescent green balls, played on a court, uses racquets, can be played singles or doubles
Tennis	sport, game, activitey
Tennis	is a sport, is fun, expends a lot of energy, is played outdoors, can be practiced and improved, played by people of all ages, is played on a green court, has a net, a bright green ball and rackets, is played by two people, is competitive, keeps score, has rules, is good exercise
Tennis	is a sport, is a workout, produces athletes, is played with rackets, involves a net, has two players, is a hobby, is just a game.
Tennis	sport, racket, yellow tennis ball, court, shoes, two players, net, table tennis
Tennis	a sport involving rackets and small, yellow, fuzzy ball, can be played in singles or doubles, requires speed, strength, skill, technique, requires good foot work, requires agility, requires good vision, requires stamina, fun, played in country clubs, a rich-man's sport, preppy
Tennis	sport, rackets, ball, courts, single opponent
Tennis	ball, racket, sport, preppy, sweatband, court, hot, tiring, boring.
Tennis	us open, polo 
Tennis	sport, racket, ball, athletes
Tennis	Played with 2 rackets and a green ball where you rally it over the net.
Tennis	game, requires two people, played with rackets, involves a green ball, has a net, played in a court
Tennis	racket, yellow ball, green court, low net, an opponent, Venus and Serena Williams
Tennis	competitiontennis ball is yellowcourt is greennet
Tennis	sport, ball, racket, Venus and Serena, net, table tennis
Tennis	A sport in which a either two players or four players, each with a racket in hand, are on a court with an appropriate net hitting a ball back and forth while keeping the ball in a set boundary that is specifed with lines painted on the court.
Tennis	is a sport, uses 2 rackets and a tennis ball, played in a lot of countries
Tennis	a sport, use racquets to hit the tennis ball
Tennis	sportuses rackets and a yellow ballgoal is to hit the ball over the net without the opponent being     able to return ithas presitgious professional tournamentsconsidered a rich sport
Tennis	is boring to watch, uses ball,uses racket, is difficult, can make you sore,can make you tired
Tennis	is a sport, racket, tennis ball, court, net, outside, competition, 
Tennis	sportrackets two or four peoplelow net
Tennis	is a sport, played with 2 or 4 people, has a net, uses raquets, is competitive, has a lined court,has a judge, yellow ball
Tennis	Sport played with rackets and tennis balls. Back and forth action. Requires alot of skill and endurance
Tennis	is a game. tennis courts, balls. all white uniform, courtesy, respect. shouting at the umpire. john mcenroe, rafael nadal and andy murray. warm sunny day and cold glass of lemonade
Tennis	Sport, Hot girls play, boring sport
Tennis	sport, ball, racket, team, game(match), points, physical activity, fit
Tennis	tennis shoes, players, professional sport, game, set, match, Austrailian Open, Wimbeldon
Tennis	player, racket, balls, yellow, court, shoes, energy, running, in shape.
Tennis	a sport, players use rackets to hit a ball back and forth over a net
Tennis	a sport where a ball is passed over a net by being bounced on the ground on each side
Tennis	a sport; played on a court; two to four people; net, ball, racket, serve, slice, score; high school, college, pro, world, Wimbledon.
Tennis	is a game, needs a racket to be played, needs a ball to be played, is played on a court, is played in the summer 
Tennis	a game, played with two to four people, tools used are raquets, tennis ball and net, object is to hit the ball over the net, a game of back and forth, competitive
Tennis	sports, ball, racket, hit
Tennis	has a racket, has a yellow, has a net, is a sport, is active, 
Tennis	yellow bouncy ball, a net, a few raquets,usually a green court, involves running and swinging. 
Tennis	Sport, Racket, yellow rubber ball, net, 2 or more players, running back and forth, referee, 4 squares
Tennis	sport, can be played by men or women, may be team, may be single player, a form of competition, uses a ball and racquet, a descriptive word for a type of shoe, played by all ages, serves, hits, has boundaries, has rules
Tennis	Sport popular in Europe; has slowly moved its way into more popularity in the US; many wealthy people play it; athlethes wear white, pants, skirts and visors; very repetitive
Tennis	Venus and Serena williams
Tennis	sports, a small ball, rackets, court, two players, quiet, big crowd, service game, singles, doubles, return, long, match point
Tennis	racket, balls, court, fun, compete, green, skirt, grass, dress, workout, running, forehand, backhand, slam, love, 40, 30, 15, game, high school, sports, 
Tennis	court, rackets, balls, fences, white clothing, game, players, historically a refined sport but now disgusting to listen to because of the grunting, very athletic, Wimbledon, audience's heads turning side to side following the ball, 
Tennis	is fun, takes a long time, requires strategy, involves a ball, involves rackets, has a strange point system, is fun to watch
Tennis	it is back and forth, it is grunting, it is sweating, it is intense
Tennis	sport, racket, ball
Tennis	sport, yellow ball, tennis rackets, play on tennis court, net, intense, two to four players, grunts, 
Tennis	players, federer, net
Tennis	Ball, Court, Racket
Tennis	rackets, balls, nets, court, shoes, skirts and shorts, shirts, running, green 
Tennis	on a court, racquets, balls, net in the middle, game, sport, fun, competitive.
Tennis	is a sport, uses yellow ball and racket, ball goes back and forth
Tennis	racket
Tennis	balls, racket, net, ping pong, Nadal 
Tennis	elbow, ball, racket, court, us open, clay, grass, williams sisters, federer, nadal, fish, rodick, wimbolden, murray, sharapova, billy jean king, forehand, backhand, serve, score, sets, match, points, 
Tennis	Played with a racket and yellow ball. Serena Williams is an excellent player, professionally. The court is green. Played in high school.  
Tennis	ball, neon yellow, net, us open
Tennis	country club, skirts, rackets, polos, wine, grunts, yellow ball
Tennis	Sport, Rich, Grunts, Yellow Ball, Net, Clay, Grass, Rec. Centers, 
What	a question, can be used in many ways and contexts, asks about someting
What	did not hear the question, I beg your pardon, angry if is a high tone response, bothered, annoyed, 
What	a question word, asks about an object or topic, used for when you are confused or curious, used at the beginning of a sentence,  
What	who? when? where? how? why?
What	a question, asks to discribe something, what time is it
What	is a question, is a word, has four letters, is a common response
What	well, why, indeed, whatever, anything, huh?, really
What	Typically refers to a thing, is a word used to ask questions, part of the 5 W's
What	question, answer
What	is a question, is uncertainty, is confusion, is double-checking, is a request for explanation, is disbelief, is surprise, is said by people, is a thing, is poor hearing, is asked by investigators and journalists, can be intelligent
What	is a question, is an answer, is a word, has four letters, has a vowel.
What	question, used interrogatively, asked to get information, 
What	is a word used to describe a question, a word used to help clear up an unclear concept, a response to a demand or question that wasn't heard correctly, often used to show uncertainty, often used in the beginning of a question
What	questioning, begging repeat
What	question, statement
What	confused, dumb, questions, 
What	who, when, were, why
What	a question 
What	question illustrating confusion, something you say when you want someone to repeat what they just said, one of the most common words in the English language
What	question is being asked, needs a question mark at the end of the sentence. 
What	confusionasking a questiona thingwanting to know the origin of something
What	who, where, when, why
What	A term generally used as a question in order to get more information on a topic: "what is a pencil used for?"
What	a question
What	question, a thing
What	the beginning of a questionused for clarification
What	to question, to ask, find out, search for answer 
What	a word in a sentence, used for asking questions, 
What	used as a request for specific information.used to inquire about the character, occupation, etc..used to inquire as to the origin, identity of something.
What	word, used to start a question, answer is a thing, the french qul 
What	Confused, Question, Curiosity, usually used to ask WHAT something is or its contents.
What	a question. surprise. shock, annoyance, happiness
What	Question, Starts a question, 
What	dont understand, mislead, confused, say that again, didnt hear, need to father explain 
What	a question, one of the 5 ws, who, when, where why, used all the time, tells us information
What	if?, question, answer.
What	object
What	a word used to make a statement or a question
What	question, confusion, concern.
What	question word, means you don't understand, used as an expression of disbelief
What	usually means confusion or not understanding, can also stand for something else, take the place of something 
What	understand, 
What	is a question, is something kids say a lot, 
What	Start of a question, in news articles, used for interviews
What	Beginning of a question or a statement.What is wrong with you?What a great job you are doing!
What	word often used in questions, asks for clarification
What	A pronoun; refering to something; can also be a question
What	Wtf
What	always used in a question, informal
What	question, quizzing, tests, confusion, wondering, thinking, brain
What	a question, unknown, confusion,
What	is a question
What	it is confused, it is distracted, it is a word used when somebody was not paying attention, it is dumb
What	a question
What	question, thought, school
What	who, when, where, 
What	Who, When, Where, Why
What	huh? how come?
What	asking for information, used to find out stuff, can be used in many different ways.
What	refers to an object, used when asking a question
What	question
What	who, when, where
What	asking a question, 
What	A question alongs the lines of Who, WHAT, When, Where, and Why. Used in speech to ask general meaning surrounding a noun. Can be a very broad question when used alone.
What	A word, used a lot, What for? What if? What about?
What	confused, question mark, have a question, not clear information
What	Who, When, Where, Why and How, Question, did not hear something clearly, 
Worst	bad, waste, intangeable
Worst	describes, unacceptable, the bottom, dreadful, garbage, bad, makes you feel sad, empathize, 
Worst	terrible, awful, pitiful, can make you feel bad, not the best, not useful, bad example, bad idea,  
Worst	the bottom, can't get lower, depressing
Worst	bad, unwanted, not best
Worst	is not good, is disappointing, is not okay, is bad, has negative implications
Worst	bad, nasty, gross, disgusting
Worst	horrible, not perfect, has defects, gross, absolute badness
Worst	bad, roblem unfixable, mistakes
Worst	is frustrating, is not enough effort, is a failure, is highly unpleasant, is a lowest state, is extreme, is used to describe things and can often be derogratory 
Worst	is not best, is last place, can be humiliating, is a bad feeling, is a mind set, is never the worst, can come back from it, is never final.
Worst	bad at the most extreme degree, unsatisfactory, horrible, poor quality, 
Worst	is the opposite of best, is not good, fails to be better than another, doesn't beat best, is at the bottom, is not exceptional, contains errors or not correct, is unsatisfactory work, is poor quality, not as much effort as best
Worst	bad, Absolute lowest possible
Worst	sick, bad, horrible, failing.
Worst	bad, rock bottom, depressed
Worst	awful, terrible, bad 
Worst	a negative outcome
Worst	things that are bad, day ever, taste, smell, sound, image
Worst	horrible, not good, bad experience 
Worst	awfuldisappointingfrustratingterriblefailing a class or a test
Worst	best, worst at something, horrible
Worst	A state of being for either an emotional state or an item in which the item has been changed to a state that is not beneficial in anyway or is the least productive and is not favored.
Worst	Worse than bad
Worst	bad, the poorest quality
Worst	terriblelowest of lowsnegative connotation
Worst	means unacceptable, at the bottom, no effort, can be mean, is evil, is undesirable, can be ugly, is very rude
Worst	not better, decribes a situation, 
Worst	terriblemost terrible thing that could happen
Worst	worse, not good,worthless, the least desirable, gay, stupid
Worst	The baddest think that can happen. NO GOOD. bad feeling. far fom the BEST
Worst	bottom of the pile. loser, deadbeat. slacker. no hoper
Worst	less then, 
Worst	horrible, bottom, lower than dirt, saddness, bad
Worst	terrible, awful, pathetic, abominable, atrocious, incorrect, inadequate, poor, detremental, unsatisfying
Worst	bad, never could get better, awful.
Worst	the most terrible way something can be
Worst	when something is very very bad
Worst	below all else; very bad.
Worst	means you are bad at what you do. It is a bad behavior, it can be used to describe many things like, taste, look, smell 
Worst	as bad as it gets, nothing could be more wrong, associated with sadness, and badness
Worst	best, broken, useless
Worst	is not the best, is bad
Worst	Not good, Could be Nasty, last place, could be hard or unenjoyable.
Worst	can't get any better, no way to fix the situation,  of the lowest standard possible
Worst	opposite of best, describes a lot of things, often a person's personal opinion, lowest of lows
Worst	the baddest option or outcome of a certain situation or event or choice. Usually paired or compared with the best of something
Worst	dirt
Worst	bad, ill, inferior, weakest, 
Worst	horrible, feels bad, the lowest point, nothing good
Worst	not best, undesirable, sloppy, unwanted, 
Worst	a negative remark, is awful
Worst	it is awful, it is the lowest possible ranking
Worst	bad, horrible
Worst	something that is bad,
Worst	bad
Worst	Grade, Test, Class
Worst	Wrong, evil
Worst	bad, not fun or good, descried in many different ways, describes something, adjective.
Worst	horrible, more bad than something else, causes problems, anxiety, bad situation
Worst	last
Worst	last, fail, F,
Worst	poor, crappy, awful, bad news, defective, inadequate, not good, unacceptable, rough, sad,
Worst	The opposite of best. Horrible. Awful. The least best. When something is the worst that means it is the least appetizing or the least favorable out of a group. 
Worst	Doing bad, not doing good.
Worst	horrible, miserable, gross, 
Worst	Bad, Last place, Not good at all, 
Year	365 consecutive days, 52 consecutive weeks, 12 consecutive months, usually the calander year starts at January 1 and ends at December 31, the last portion of a date.
Year	points time, eras, generation, age, to keep track of time, used around the world, 
Year	365 days, about 52 weeks, new years day, leap year, 2 semesters and a summer, birthday, four seasons, holidays and celebrations, a date in a time period, category used for events in history, four digit number on your calendar, birth date and graduation are most important years,  
Year	New years, Christmas time, 2011, birthday, celebration
Year	leap year, a time, era, new year, 365 days
Year	is a number, is 2011, is a measurement of time, is 365 days, is 12 months
Year	Birthday, a year older, new year's eve, your age
Year	365 days, 12 months, the earth makes one full rotation around the sun, period of time, calendars
Year	2008, new years day, new years eve
Year	is a long time, has birthdays, represented by a calendar, people age through it, has four seasons, holidays, can reminisce about them, serves as a foundation for recalling life events, split into months
Year	is 365 days, is 12 months, is a time length, changes every year, is a new beginning, is a date, is waiting.
Year	365 days, calender, one rotation of the earth around the sun, 12 months, 2011, 
Year	is a measurement of time, made up of twelve months, has 365 days, is divided into four seasons, ten make a decade, one hundred make a century, increases in number, includes one individual's birthday, includes annual holidays
Year	long, made of months, seasons, change, aging.
Year	2011, age, 
Year	2011, new years, age 
Year	365 days, weeks, hours, holidays, 2011
Year	365 days
Year	365 days, a long time, reason calendars are needed 
Year	2011, year in you were born, important dates, last thing when writing the date
Year	agecelebrating new years
Year	millenium, twelve months, 365 days
Year	a measurement of time that is equivalent to 52 weeks or 365 days and, at least in the United States, is broken up into 12 months or four seasons,
Year	365 days, 12 months
Year	365 days, from january to december, 12 months, four seasons
Year	365 daysa way of keeping track of timeone full cycle of the earth traveling around the sun
Year	time measurement, means aging, can go by fast,has seasons, a long time
Year	365 days, duration of time, 
Year	365 daysseasonschanges
Year	a period of time, 365 days, 52 weeks, 12 months,  
Year	365 days. A increment of how people judge times of there lives.
Year	365.24 days. earth rotates around the sun. another birthday comes and goes.
Year	365 days
Year	12 months, 365 days, weeks, christmas, easter, time, birthdays, holidays
Year	centuries, decades, milinieums, Y2k, 2012, historical events, way to tell time, BC and AD,
Year	a new beginning, 365 days, leap, time-period.
Year	365 days, period of time
Year	365 days, the time span from new years to the following january 1st
Year	365 days, full of events; broken up into months, weeks, and days; holidays.
Year	is long, has seasons
Year	365 days, a long time, birthdays, annual, time, changes, 
Year	date, day, time, century
Year	is time, is longer than a month, is put together by 12 months
Year	is long, has many days, four different seasons, makes up how old we are. 365 days long.
Year	time elapsed over 12 months, 365 days, 8,760 hours, New Nears, Valentines, Easter, 4th of July, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas 
Year	365 days, starts with January, ends with December, consists of twelve months, has many holidays
Year	an amount of time; consists of 365 days on average; used to measure ones life and other important aspects of it
Year	new year
Year	twelve month period, 365 days, very long, 52 weeks, leap year, age, 
Year	365 days, spring, summer, fall, winter, change, birthday, older, changing
Year	a span of time 365 days, four seasons, one set of holidays, can seem long or short, 
Year	is 365 days, is fifty-two weeks, is 12 months, is one tenth of a decade, is one-hundredth of a century, is a long time.
Year	it is time, it is progress towards death, it is a new beginning
Year	every 12 months
Year	new years day, parties, celebration, 
Year	month, day, week
Year	2011, 1, New Years
Year	day, week , calendar, zodiac 
Year	365 days, time period, a certain date, new years eve, new beginning. 
Year	365 days, 12 months, how long it takes to finish two semesters of school, four seasons, how long it takes for the earth to revolve around the sun
Year	2011
Year	2011, new years, memories, good times, measurement 
Year	birthday, measurement, time, 365 days, 52 weeks, earth revolves around sun, age, duration, era, generation, period, moment, 
Year	One year is equivalent to 365 days. A year is a long time. Some years are good, some are bad. One celebrates their birthday annually, or once a year. One year=12 months. 
Year	A time, Different Season, 365 days, A year older.
Year	365 days, 12 months, leap year, new years resolution, after christmas, 525,600 minutes
Year	2000, y2k, 1999, New Years Day, 
