Subject:
SEMANTICS SO544
From:
WebServer Reserved UID <webservd@cedar.olemiss.edu>
Date:
Mon, 22 Feb 2010 14:26:34 -0600 (CST)
To:
buchananlab@gmail.com

erin@olemiss.edu

Semantic Data SO544
Practice:
sing Music, singing nis something done with your mouth. when you sing sound come out of your, the sound can sometimes be good or bad depending on how your voice is. 
hammer A hammer is a tool that you use to hammer things. A hammer is mostly used to hammer nails. A hammer has a wooden handle and a metal top. 
Experimental:
lungs Lungs is something that you need to breathe. Lung are an essential need to your health. Without your lungs you will die. Lungs are located in the human body.
crescent Cookie, roll, a piece of food that is mostly bread that you can eat. A crescent roll comes in many sizes. You can but them from the grocery store. 
colon a punctuation mark,used in writing essays and reseach paper.
spaghetti Food that is long and stringy, it is mostly eaten with garlic bread. 
rays a beam, a bright light used to see things that can be unseen by the naked e.ye
snow is a white flaky substance, it mostly snows when it is real cold out side. When it snows people usually have on big warm coats, gloves, and ear mugs.
indoor Indoor is when you are inside. Indoors you watch tv, lay on the couch, go to bed, and cook.
stack A stack of book, stack is a pile of things in rows or columns. 
handrail Handrail is support using the hands, if you nslip and falll you can hold on to the handril to help you onto your feet. 
where is a place where a person is at that certainh point and time. Where can be home, school, or at wal mart. 
hitchhike Hitchhike is when a person bombs a ride from another person. When you hitchhike you dont have to pay gas money to that person
patriot Patriot is someones has been doing something for a very long time and is homored for his work. A war veteran can be a patriot. 
jewel Jewel is a gem or stone. Women mostly wear jewels that men. Jewels are a fashion statement. 
wacky Wacky is someone who is fun. A wacky person make you laugh a lot. Wacky is doing crazy, funny things. 
mystical Unicorns are mystical animals. When I think of mystical i thing of magical things. Things that can not be explained to humans. Somethings that happens once in a while. 
browse is when you take a glance at things. You dont read it but mostly skim lookig for the main details or the thing that stands out to you the most in the article. 
scandalous is awhen a peron does something that is shameful to you. A scandalous person is not your friend, they are someone that tries to hurt you and goes behind your back. 
spam is a blocked shape piece of food. Spam comes in a square metal container that you have to peel the top off. Spam can also be a blocker, it stops unwanted things from coming to your computer. 
shortcoming is when you come short of doing something. A shortcoming can be failing your test and you short came graduating with you class. Shortcoming is mostly failure. 
tulips are flowers, they grow in the spring time, they can be purple and variousw other colors.. 
wake is when you rise from sleep, or just a nap. You can wake any time of the day.
townspeople is a population of people that are living in a town. Townspeople are the people actually living in town they can range in all different ethics.
overbear is when you are protective. Some parents are overbearing of their children. Meaning they care about them but they have to do what the parent says and wants them to do. 
lifeblood is when you are giving blood t keep yoou alive.
pinwheel is a child like tow. The he wind is blowing or you blow on with it begans to turn. It is a colorful tow that have leaf-like swtructure.
omega is the end of somethins. Most people say that omega is the end of the world. Omega is also in the greek alphabet. 
warmup is something you do before you do and excerise. It gets your bllod pumping before yoou do the excerise. is help stretch the muscles so you won\'t pill anything. 
wrong is when you answer something and it is incorrect. Wrong can also be when you make a turn but its not the one that ou wanted that can be considered as wrong also. 
leap is when you jump over something. Frogs leap from lilly pads in the ponds. 
financial is relating with money. Financials can be bills that are unpaid which can cause a financial problem. 
suffer is when you feel pain. When a person is suffering the dooctr gives them pain medicine. 
tyrannosaurus is a large dinosaur. It has a big head but small arms. 
retain is to keep possession of. When you retain you social security number that means that you don\'t want anyone to know it. 
psycho is when someone is crazy. They are in a mental state which can be settled my mdication are being put into a mental instution. 
ghetto ghetto can be two things. When a perso is living in the ghetto they are not financially able to move to a better place. Ghetto can be when someone is screaminf and yelling in the street withu any sence that is being ghetto. 
brown is a color. Brown can be used with crayons or coloring pencils. 
uncle is your mother\'s brother, or your father\'s brother etc. A uncle is a family member. 
grease is something that is shiny. Grease can be used to fry things or to put in your hair when it is dry to give it a glossy look. 
traumatic is something that is shocking. traumatic can be when someone has a wreck and your in a traumatic state which is crying and screaming. 
primate is a monkey. Primates mostly live in the jungle but when they are caputred they often get taken to zoos, or taken by scientists for experiments. 
goblet is a drinking instrument that has a handle on it. A goblet is usually glass.
next is when you skip something and move on to the next one. Next is also when ou are next on line to get waited on. 
peek is when you are looking at something thaou are not suppose to. when you peek you look a it in  hurry. 
eyeliner is pencil shape that comes in different colors, it is used to give the lining of a women eye color.  
cancel is when you abort something. When a person cancel their apointment that means they can\'t make it or it is set for another day. 
unlock is to unlock something that has been locked. When ou lock your locker you need your key to unlock it. 
senator is a member of the senate. they have a place in the senate that holds an importnt title. 
fury is a rage of anger. When someone is ragedn with fury someone has really made him or her mad. 
strung is a cord use for tying things together. It is as thin as thread.
education is when you go to school and get the essential education that is needed. Education is dealing with teacher and going to class. 
nerd is someone who is very smart. A nerd is always being teased by other people who are not so smart.
compassionate is a feeling that you have for something. A compassionate person is someone who cares.
waltz can be considered as a dance or the amount of waltz you but for a light bulb. 
mangle is when you and other people interact with each other.
flasher can be a light that can be flashed. When police use flashers to distract a person that is being distraut. 
peanut is a nut that has been. Peanut is mostly found in peanut butter.
stockbroker is someont who is employed by a stocker. A stockbroker bids on stocks everyday.
nightmare is when you have a bad dream. A nightmare is something that really scares you in your sleep.
him is refered to a male. Her is a girl. Him can also be refered to an animal. 
moneymaker is a machine that makes money. A moneymaker can also be a person who who enjoys working for a living. 


