Semantic Data S00525
Practice:
sing I don\'t know the definition of sing as a noun.
hammer Consists of a head and a shaft. Shaft is typically made of wood or metal. Head is flat and circular on one end, used for hammering nails. The other end is tapered and split, used for prying nails out.
Experimental:
lungs Organs used by air-breathing species to inhale oxygen which is then sent to the heart to be dispersed into the rest of the body. Typically gray in color; cashew-shaped.
crescent Shape of crescent roll; shape of moon when less than 3/4 full.
colon Two definitions. One is an organ that works to expel impurities from the body. Second is a punctuation mark, \' : \', commonly used when listing items.
spaghetti Type of pasta. When uncooked, looks like long, straight strands of pasta--thin, cylindrical. When cooked, becomes very flexible and sticky. 
rays Geometry term. A ray is a line that begins at a point and continues into infinity.
snow Frozen form of rain. The water droplets instead become tiny white flakes, that are lighter than raindrops.
indoor Refers to the interior of a building. Within a structure consisting of walls and a roof.
stack Two definitions. One is a series of items placed on top of one another. Second is a data structure in which the first item added is the last item removed.
handrail A pole that typically runs alongside a staircase or balcony. Purpose is to prevent falling off the edge and sustaining injuries.
where Refers to an unknown location. Synonymous statement is \"At what location?\" 
hitchhike To hitch a ride with a stranger. Typically done by signaling with a thumb out while walking along the road/highway one wishes to travel.
patriot A nationalist; one who has pride in or love for the country in which he lives. Willing to defend/fight for the country.
jewel A gem. Used most commonly in jewelry. Jewels are naturally-occurring materials which are extract from rock and sediment.
wacky Strange, Crazy. Off-the-wall.
mystical Magical; possesses element of fantasy.
browse To aimlessly search or view. 
scandalous Involving dishonesty or scheming.
spam Unwanted mail, usually advertising. Can refer to postal mail or electronic mail.
shortcoming aspect that falls short of perfection; flaw.
tulips Bulb-shaped flower. Has long, straight stem. Typically possesses 4-5 large petals that cup over the center of the flower.
wake A ceremony held before a funeral. Typically has an open viewing of the body.
townspeople Villagers, citizens of a town. Middle to lower-class citizens.
overbear Overwhelm.
lifeblood 
pinwheel A toy consisting of four \"wings\" that are curved so that when you blow against them, the wings spin and create a spiral-shaped illusion.
omega The last letter of the Greek alphabet. Used in math and science to refer to the unit Ohms.
warmup Stretching and mild workout done before the main portion of a workout routine.
wrong The opposite of right. Incorrect; not as it should be.
leap A jump.
financial Pertaining to finances/money. 
suffer To endure something painful or uncomfortable.
tyrannosaurus Type of dinosaur. Lizard-like body, large head and short, small arms.
retain To hold; hold back; perserve.
psycho One who is crazy/insane. Possibly suffers from severe reality-distorting mental disorder.
ghetto A government housing project geared toward low-income households. Typically poorly maintained and become breeding grounds for violence.
brown Shade of orange that is very dark in value.
uncle Family relation; one\'s parents\' brother/brother-in-law.
grease Oil that is commonly excreted by meat when cooked.
traumatic Shocking or psychologically harmful. May cause negative effects that last for years.
primate A type of mammal related to humans; monkeys, etc.
goblet A chalice-like cup. Large bowl-like cup; often ornately jeweled.
next Refers to the one after the current item.
peek Quick look.
eyeliner Type of makeup. Used to line the eyes to add definition.
cancel As in mathematics, when two quantities are equal and are reciprocated from each other. In other words, one term is divisible by the other. (i. e., in 4x/x, the x is canceled out and it becomes 4)
unlock To remove a bar; Open up a pathway that was restricted. Often requires use of a key.
senator Politician who serves in the Senate. Every state has two senators.
fury Angry, wrath.
strung Items in a series are \"strung\". 
education Refers to taught knowledge; most often refers to knowledge gained from attending a school and taking courses in general topics.
nerd A geeky person; derogatory term invented by ignorant people to bring down those who are more intelligent. Often a \"computer geek\", one who knows a great deal about computers and prefers to spend time using computers.
compassionate Caring, loving. Empathetic. 
waltz A classical dance.
mangle To tear, shred, maul.
flasher 
peanut A nut in whose shell there are usually two peanuts. Often roasted or boiled for eating.
stockbroker A person who buys and sells stock for other people.
nightmare A bad dream. A dream that is frightening enough to rouse the person from their sleep.
him Refers to a guy, usually close in proximity.
moneymaker 

