Subject:
SEMANTICS S00548
From:
WebServer Reserved UID <webservd@cedar.olemiss.edu>
Date:
Thu, 25 Feb 2010 03:30:56 -0600 (CST)
To:
buchananlab@gmail.com

erin@olemiss.edu

Semantic Data S00548
Practice:
sing Often in music, male and female voices carrying a melody or tune, we consider birds communicating to be a form of song
hammer A tool. Long handle, strikes nails to hold wood together or remove nails with its forked side. \"If I had a hammer,\". Often made of metal with a leather cover on the handle.
Experimental:
lungs An organ. Allows oxygen to reach the body, behind the ribs, can be made black from smoking.
crescent The shape of the moon with a shadow, or a type of food- a crescent roll. If just the shape, then it is similar looking to the letter \"C\".
colon An organ that extends from the stomach, near the rectum- OR a symbol in writing, two dots. Colon cancer.
spaghetti String-like pieces of bread with some sort of sauce, usually tomato. Often consists of meatballs, cheese, and vegetables. The noodles are often twirled around a fork.
rays Beam of light. In paintings they can signify importance of an object. Caused by the sun shining through a portion of clouds.
snow A form of frozen rain. White, cold, powdering at first but harder when it melts slightly. Light shines off of it and causes sunburn. Snow angels, snow balls, snowmen.
indoor Inside a building, away from the element-weather. 
stack A pile of two or more objects. On top of.
handrail Safety measure. Next to stairs or in hotels where you are high up, but outside. The hand rests there for comfort or when we fall.
where Refers to a place, used in questions.
hitchhike Stuck out thumb. No car, or it is broken. Needing a ride somewhere.
patriot A defender. Loves his/her country. Flags, red, white, and blue.
jewel Piece of polished stone/rock. Shiny, varies in colors. Used in jewelry, in some clothing, decoration.
wacky Crazy in a good way. Funny, humorous, weird.
mystical Paranormal, religious, magical. In another word: pseudo-scientific.
browse Scan, peruse, looking for multiple options
scandalous A disgrace, seen as shameful, \"wrong\". Often causes gossip.
spam Unwanted mass mail. OR Unwanted food....unwanted.
shortcoming Unable to do what others can. Flaws, inadequacies.
tulips Flower. Often drawn with three tips. Needs water and soil.
wake A state of non sleep. A ceremonial act before a burial. 
townspeople Citizens, every-day people. 
overbear Annoying, pushes too hard, comes off too strong.
lifeblood Group of people that take blood for those that need it. Needles, blood, band-aids, multiple sex questions.
pinwheel A toy or item in a garden. Spins when the wind blows or when a person blows hard. Colorful, looks like a flower.
omega The last, the end, a letter in the Greek alphabet. Alpha and Omega.
warmup Stretches before a workout. Similar to a warmdown, but at the beginning.
wrong Sinful, hurtful, evil, not right.
leap Jump, hop, to throw yourself, to push yourself rapidly from one point to another.
financial Dealing with money and credit
suffer physical, emotional or mental pain. To go through pain longer than ever needed.
tyrannosaurus A dinosaur. Large back legs, small front legs. Sharp teeth, long tail. Extinct.
retain To keep. Remember. To keep something intact. Memory
psycho Slang for psychopath. Crazy, neurotic. My ex-boyfriend.
ghetto Slums, poor area, place where Jews were forced to stay.
brown Color. Can be made from a mixture of any complementary color (red and green). The color of earth/dirt, bark on trees.
uncle The brother of a parent, someone you call uncle because they are close to the family.
grease Used in making food. Slick, often considered unhealthy in large amounts.
traumatic Causing harm to someone\'s mentality. Causes nightmares, insomnia, depression, thoughts of the incident recurs. 
primate Type of mammal. Humans, monkeys, apes.
goblet A glass or cup. More ceremonious than an average glass.
next What will come. After. Coming. Soon to be.
peek The top of a mountain, covered in snow. To peek ahead, the sneaky glancing of eyes.
eyeliner Makeup. A stick that rubs a line onto the lid of the eye to emphasize the fullness, darkness of the lashes.
cancel To delete. A removing of something, changing your mind.
unlock The opposite of locking. To use a key to open. To make something sealed open.
senator A member of the senate, someone I don\'t know.
fury Anger, rage, abhorrence, associated with the color red. 
strung To string. A twisting of materials. 
education Learning. The retaining of knowledge. Books, school, college.
nerd An intelligent person that is stereotyped to be unpopular. Cares more about school than appearances. Learns, reads, goes to class.
compassionate To care. Sympathizing. A passionate need to understand.
waltz An older form of dance done in beats of three. Appeared in the Renaissance period.
mangle To injure, beat, hurt, destroy
flasher A thing that flashes. A short time of bright light. Cameras.
peanut A nut. Makes peanut butter. Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Is in chocolate bars.
stockbroker A person who buys and sells stock. 
nightmare A bad dream. Causes distress. What we consider to be a horrible outcome. 
him A male. He-who-must-not-be-named. Another form of \"he\". \"God\" Or a band.
moneymaker What brings in cash. A job, or a person who has a job. A machine that makes money.


