Semantic Data 449
Practice:
sing creating sound using lungs and vocal chords, making sound with mouth, having certain rhythm, varying pitches, varying notes, varying dynamics
hammer a tool consisting of a handle and a head. used for driving objects using blunt force, specifically nails. handle usually made of wood and head usually made of iron or steel.
Experimental:
lungs respiratory organs. used for breathing in mammals. pushed and relaxed by diaphragm to inhale and exhale. vital organ
crescent semi-circular shape. moon.
colon punctuation used to denote a categorization. also used to separate minutes from hours on a clock.
spaghetti italian food consisting of long noodles, a tomato-based sauce, and usually with vegetables and meatballs. cheese is also often used
rays patterns of heat or light that travel in a certain direction.
snow a substance formed by the freezing of rain prior to falling to the ground. the rain drops become tiny ice crystals known as snow flakes
indoor inside of some sort of shelter or living space
stack to arrange objects vertically in a certain manner in which one object is on top or underneath another
handrail a supporting beam parallel to a set of stairs with which one would use to maintain balance. usually made of metal.
where a word use to question the location of a certain object
hitchhike a form of transportation in which a person would walk towards a destination while also attempting to receive aid from another person by transporting them with a vehicle
patriot a term used to describe an american who is very proud of and dedicated to the advancement of his or her country politically, economically, and spiritually
jewel an object made of hardened minerals that has a very shiny and crystal-like appearance that is known to be very valuable
wacky outside of the ordinary. silly.
mystical having to do with more than just physical attributes. the state of being beyond explanation
browse to look through while lightly considering each object observed
scandalous having to do with a scandal.
spam to signal the same information repeatedly.
shortcoming expected to happen within a short period of time
tulips a type of flower
wake a form caused by the disruption of a substance caused by a transfer of energy
townspeople general term for ordinary people seen daily throughout a town
overbear to put emphasis on heavily
lifeblood blood that is essential for keeping a body alive
pinwheel a fan-like shape mounted on its center to a point to allow for a spinning motion
omega letter of greek alphabet
warmup to prepare by practicing the same activity you are preparing for
wrong against what is true or produces a negative outcome
leap to jump from one point to another
financial having to do with finances
suffer to be in a form of pain for a period of time
tyrannosaurus genus to which the species rex belongs. type of dinosaur
retain you keep a part of something given or lost
psycho prefix for a word having to do with the psyche
ghetto a neighborhood of small houses or clustered apartments that are in very poor condition. known to be very dangerous
brown a color that is dark. it is a tertiary color
uncle a relative whom is a brother to one of your parents
grease an oily substance. used to lubricate
traumatic causing trauma. could be an psychological or physical
primate the name of the class that consists of monkeys and apes
goblet a large cup with a lot of decoration
next the proceeding object
peek to observe something discretely and quickly
eyeliner type of makeup. used to put emphasis around the eyes. various colors.
cancel to discard a certain intention or action
unlock to disengage a lock
senator a member of a senate
fury swift and relentless rage
strung to have been placed on a string or formed into a string
education the process of teaching and learning. can be formal or informal
nerd a person who is mentally wealthy but has poor physical characteristics
compassionate to have passion for something or someone regularly
waltz a type of dance based on the rhythm of a third
mangle to disfigure
flasher something that flashes
peanut a nut that has many uses
stockbroker a person whos profession is dealing with the trading of stocks
nightmare a dream in which something undesirable or terrible happens
him a pronoun used to be used in place of a masculine subject
moneymaker anything that makes money

