Subject:
SEMANTICS S00706
From:
WebServer Reserved UID <webservd@cedar.olemiss.edu>
Date:
Thu, 22 Apr 2010 16:16:01 -0500 (CDT)
To:
buchananlab@gmail.com

erin@olemiss.edu

Semantic Data  WL9 S00706
Practice:
sing To sing is to produce tones with the voice or produce melodious sounds.  Some people can sing well; Others sing poorly.  Sing is a verb, not a noun and, therefore, should not have been included in this study.
hammer A hammer is a tool used for pounding nails into wood.  It is also used in blacksmithing to bend heated metal.  The head of the hammer is usually made of metal.  The handle can be made of plastic, wood or metal.  
Experimental:
erupt To erupt implies a sudden increase in activity.  Volcanoes erupt.  Rashes my erupt on the skin.  Eruptions usually mean a sudden \"break out\" of something.  
wild Something that is wild is usually uncontrollable.  Wild animals are not domesticated and can be dangerous.  Crazy.    
hint A hint is a small clue about something that will occur in the future.  A hint can also mean \"a very small trace\" of something.  
nervous An emotion.  Anxious, excited, skittish. Generally negative.
business A business is an enterprise.  If something is a concern or responsibility it is \"your business\".  People who work in a business sometimes wear suits, have bosses, and hate their jobs.
path A path is a trail.  Sidewalks and roads can be considered paths.
bride A bride is a woman who will soon marry a groom.  They usually wear white dresses and carry flowers.  Accompanied by bridesmaids.  May become \"Bridezillas\".
squirrel Squirrels are rodents.  They are brownish-gray in color and have a long, bushy tail.  Some squirrels can fly.  Squirrels eat acorns and climb trees.  They usually live in forests but can also be found in the Grove at Ole Miss.  These squirrels are fearless. 
pizza Pizza is food.  It consists of a bread crust, is covered with sauce and usually topped with cheese, meat and vegetables.  Pizza is eaten often by college students.  It is Italian food.  There are several different kinds of pizza.  Many cities, such as Chicago and New York, have their own styles of pizza making.
tense People become tense when they are under a lot of physical or emotional strain.  School (particularly finals week) causes students to become tense.  Coffee helps.
beg To plead, solicit, or ask for.  Homeless people will often beg for money or food. Dogs can learn to \"beg\" as a trick. 
belt A belt is a piece of clothing used to hold up pants.  Some people don\'t wear belts because they are under the false assumption that others care what their underwear looks like.  Belts are also found in cars.  If a belt in your car breaks, it must be fixed.
offense In sports, the offense opposes the defense.  In basketball and football, the team that is playing offense is in possession of the ball and is able to score points.  In law, an offense is a violation of rule or regulation.  
washington Washington was the last name of the United States\' first president. He had wooden teeth and is on the one dollar bill.  Washington, a state in the northwestern region of the US, was named after him, as was Washington D.C.
smile A smile is a facial expression, created by using your facial muscles to spread your lips and raise the corners of your mouth.  It is generally a sign of pleasure.  Some people show their teeth when they smile; others do not. 
leather Leather is used to make purses, watchbands, belts, shoes, wallets and other accessories.  It is made from the hide of cows. Bikers wear leather.  
ski A ski is a plank that you strap to your foot so that you may go skiing.  Though they were once made of wood, they are now usually made of metal and plastic.  
real Being \"real\" means that something exists, is actual and is a fact.  A real is also the basic monetary unit of Brazil. 
no No is a word that is used to express denial or refusal.  Having a zero quantity.  
sting A sting is a sore that is left after being stung.  Scorpions, wasps, and jellyfish are just a few animals that are capable of stinging.  Animals that sting usually do so out of fear and self defense.  Poison.
closing A closing is an end of something.  
camp A camp is a temporary living quarter.  Children will often go to summer camp.
annoying Something that is annoying is bothersome.  It is generally disliked.
satin Satin is a silky fabric.  It can be made of satin or rayon.  It has a glossy side and a dull side.  
thursday Today is Thursday.  It is the day of the week immediately after Wednesday and immediately before Friday.  It is the fifth day of the week and the fourth day of the work-week.  In college towns, everyone goes out on Thursday.  
prince A prince is a son of a king and queen.  They usually marry princesses.  Girls often wait for their \"Prince Charming\" to sweep them off their feet.  Princes wear crowns.  Prince was the name of an American singer, songwriter, and musician.  
gas Gas is made of refined oil.  Cars run on gas.  Gas is a state of matter in which the particles are spread far apart and move freely.
fall To fall is to stumble or trip.  Fall is a season, also known as autumn.  It comes after summer and before winter.  Temperatures are mild in the fall.  Leaves on trees change color and fall off of trees during the Fall.
garden A garden is a plot of land dedicated to the purpose of planting a certain type of plant.  Flowers or vegetables may be grown in a garden. Many Asian cultures think that a pile of rocks is a garden.  They are wrong.
husband A husband is a man married to a woman or, in some places, another man.  Usually husbands wear rings to symbolize that they are married.  Some husbands are also fathers.  
never Not ever.  At no time at all in the future, present or past.  
cocaine Cocaine is an illegal, narcotic drug extracted from cocoa leaves.  It is highly addictive. It is usually found in a white powder and is inhaled through the nose.  A favorite among supermodels.  
frightened Scared.  Made afraid.  Panicky. 
animal An animal is an organism in the domain Eukaryota and kingdom Animalia.  They are mostly multicelluar.  Animals are heterotrophic, meaning that they do not make their own food.  
glue Glue is an adhesive.  Used in art projects.  A hard gelatin made by boiling bones.
hole An opening into or through something.  An unoccupied space.  
cheap Not expensive.  Low price.  If something is described as being cheap, it is usually tacky, flashy, tasteless and showy.
sports A sport is a game played competitively.  Playing sports is good exercise. People who play sports are athletes and are generally overpaid.  
drugs Drugs are medicines.  Some are illegal.  Legal drugs are dispensed by doctors and pharmacists.  Illegal drugs are dispensed by drug dealers.  
orgasm Orgasm is a moment of intense pleasure during sexual intercourse. It is climax or peak of sexual excitement.
camera A camera is a device that captures still-life photographs.  It creates memories and steals your soul.
nephew Your nephew is your brother or sister\'s son.  
on The opposite of off.  A preposition meaning \'in operation\'.  
dumb Not smart. Stupid.  Ignorant.  Unintelligent.  People who are dumb usually make bad grades and join sororities. Dumb can also mean that someone is mute or unable to speak.
crash A crash occurs when two objects collide, usually at a high speed.  Vehicle crashes can be fatal. Crash is also an onomatopoeia.  In a band, cymbals crash. 
environment The part of an ecosystem in which an organism lives.  Hippies care too much about this.
shampoo Makes hair clean.  Usually bought along with conditioner.  
answer The response to a question.  (This is an answer.)
confess To admit to something.  If you confess to a crime, you admit guilt.
concert A musical performance by a singer or band.  Expensive to attend.  Usually there are a lot of people at concerts.
arrogant The quality of being full of yourself.  Thinking that you\'re better than others.  Being \'on a high horse\'.  A really unattractive quality that most men and sorority girls possess. 
quart A unit of measurement.  32oz.  Four cups make up a quart.  Four quarts make up a gallon.
storage Where you keep things that you do not presently need.  
catholic A church with Christian beliefs that is not Protestant.  The head of the Catholic church is the Pope.  Paul was the first pope.  Benedict XVI is the current pope.  
prisoner One who is imprisoned, usually for committing a crime.  
rip To tear. To make a hole in something.
young Not old. Being youthful.  People who are old often wish that they were younger.
sky The sky is blue because of refracted light.  It is a part of the atmosphere.
rule A rule is a regulation or law that is usually enforced.  Most people don\'t like rules, even though they are necessary to maintain order.  Some rules maintain safety.  Some rules are useless (No driving on the Circle before 5PM.)
bath Immersing yourself in water.  Usually using soap and shampoo to clean your body.  Children don\'t usually like to take baths.  You should take one everyday.  Baths are especially nice if you add bubbles to the water.


