Subject:
SEMANTICS 00720
From:
WebServer Reserved UID <webservd@cedar.olemiss.edu>
Date:
Thu, 22 Apr 2010 11:30:54 -0500 (CDT)
To:
buchananlab@gmail.com

erin@olemiss.edu

Semantic Data  WL9 00720
Practice:
sing i like to sing in thw shower when im washing my hair. I have a horrible voice so i dont like to have people hear me sing.
hammer In high school we used to have this motto called the hammer. When ever we would tackle someone we would always say you just got hammered.
Experimental:
erupt while having sex last night i erupted with pleasure. it was an eruption on epic scales.
wild I though tthat party last night was wild. Did you see ryan he was wild when he was drunk.
hint Dont give her any hints on what her preasnt might be. If she makes u give her a hint say it is blue.
nervous i am very nervous about this test i am about to take. I spent all night studying but my hands are sweating im so nervous.
business I have to go to this meeting to conclude some business with these investors. I hate doing business withh them.
path There are two paths you can take. Make sure to take the path on the left or you will die.
bride I am going to ask her to be my bride. i want her to be my bride because i love her.
squirrel Home in texas we usually sit out on the porch and shoot squirrels. 
pizza I love to eat pizza. Especially pizza with mushrooms. thats my favorite type of pizza.
tense You seem a little tense. how bout i rub your shoulders to lossen you up.
beg If you beg for your life i wont have them kill you. But you have to be reallly good at begging.
belt When i used to get in trouble as a kid, my dad would beat me with a belt. I t was harsh but fair.
offense In high school i hated playing offesne on football. I loved playing defense.
washington The movie twilight takes place in washington. Thats all   i have to say.
smile Whenever i see my girlfriend i always get a smile.
leather I love leather seats in a car. They are the smoothest things ever.
ski i want to go jet ski. Its crazy and the coolest thing to do.
real I sometimes think my dreams are real. its scary and freaks me out but its ok they are not real.
no We were bout to have sex and she said no.
sting I was in the cia and i was involved in a sting operation. I t was crazy we shot like thirty people and didnt arrest anyone.
closing Whenever im at the bars they usually yell out closing time. I hate hearing that.
camp My little sister is going to get to go to a camp all summer long. i am super jealous.
annoying Whenever my girlfriend tries to talk to me about something stupid its crazy annoying. I just want to tell her to shutup because shes annoying.
satin I told a guy that i made some love stains in the back seat of his car. he was pissed.
thursday Every thursday night i go out to the bars and get shitty.  T hats what i always look foward to on thursdays.
prince i want to be a prince in a palace in hawaii. That is my dream to be a prince.
gas I never pay for my gas. I make other kids pay for that. thats how i roll.
fall Fall is a season in the year. Usually leaves fall.
garden I want to have a hudge kickass garden when im older with palm trees and everything. Id love that.
husband Im a guy so i never plan to have a husband. But i jope to be someones husband some day.
never I told her that i would never go out with her. I mean she was super ugly.
cocaine One of my friends has a cocaine problem. But he loves it so much i dont wanna say anything.
frightened I jumped out and frightened his punk ass. He jumped and it was realllly funny.
animal She told me that i was an animal in bed. I said this isnt the zoo cut that out.
glue I broke my moms lamp one time so i used some glue to put it back together. Thank god for glue.
hole I was realllly mad one time and i didnt know what to do so i punched a hole in the wall. Wasnt the smartest move ever.
cheap I was low on money and  had to take this girl out to eat and i had to be super cheap. She was still hapy so i saw no problem in being cheap.
sports Ive always played sports i feel that i am very god at them. I love to watch sports.
drugs I dont do drugs. Down with dope up with hope.
orgasm I love to give my girlfriend a good orgasm. she screams and claws my back its crazy.
camera I had a camera to take pictures. but i lost it.
nephew I dont have a nephew and i prob wont for a couple of years.
on i turned the lights on when i walked in the house.
dumb I call my dog dumb all the time because she pisses me off.
crash Ive never been in a car accident. And i never wann crash my car.
environment My rooomate loves the enviorment. And weed
shampoo I use shampoo to wash and clean my hair. And i use shampoo to make it smell good.
answer The phone was ringing and no one was answering it so i had to answer it.
confess I go to the priest to confess my sins. I do this about once a year.
concert I went to a taylor swift concert. It was awesome and o was really happy.
arrogant My mom says that i am very arrogant. I personally dont see it at all.
quart I drank a quart of milk. Then had three shots of whiskey. i threw up more than a quart.
storage I found a storage unit to hold all my stuff during the summer.
catholic I am a catholc. I go to church as much as i can.
prisoner I am a prisoner in my room. I need to find a way to escape.
rip I riped a hudge fart in class. Everyone noticed i couldnt hide it at all.
young My little brother is sorta young. He just had his nineth birthday.
sky Well one night i was out in a feild with a pistol.  And i stared up at the sky and started shooting at it.
rule There is one rule in my house. No rules.
bath I want to take a bath, but im a guy so i basically just take showers.


