Subject:
SEMANTICS s00742
From:
WebServer Reserved UID <webservd@cedar.olemiss.edu>
Date:
Thu, 22 Apr 2010 15:51:16 -0500 (CDT)
To:
buchananlab@gmail.com

erin@olemiss.edu

Semantic Data  WL9 s00742
Practice:
sing to carry on your voice with pitch.  often heard in songs on the radio. not everyone is good at it.  its a talent that you can learn over time.
hammer usually made of metal and has a wooden handle.  used to smash nails in objests.  could be potentially dangerous.  usually sold at a hardware store.
Experimental:
erupt usually occurs when lava is flowing out of volcano.  someone could also get very mad and just explode.  you can also erupt your organs.
wild there is the wild card in uno.  also very many wild animals.  could also mean that you are out of control.  crazy, yet entertaining.
hint someone is trying to help you out with something.  usually detectives love these to solve mysteries. you can also just put a hint of something when you are cooking something. 
nervous this is what people get when your about to take a test or something of that matter.  also can be defined as the nervous system.  another meaning is scared.  someone might be nervous to play in a sports game or something challenging.
business tie and jaket, very nicely dressed.  can make you a lot of money.  you can major in it at almost any school.  also referred to in the phrase, \"taking care of business\" which means you might be busy doing something. 
path something you travel on that takes you somewhere.  usually all paths are different.  the yellow brick road was a path just like there is a path to get to class everyday.  
bride a woman who is getting married.  white dress, looking gorgeous for her big day.  walking down with bells in the background.  biggest day for a woman.  very exciting moment, then its the honeymoon. 
squirrel animal that eats nuts and has a bushy tail.  there are a lot of squirrels in the world.  they are gray and have long sharp teeth.  they love to climb trees and eat scraps from people.  they are very small and make funny noises.
pizza very delicious italian dish.  bread with tomato sauce and cheese.  you can get almost anything on your pizza. very common dish almost everyone likes it. cheap and can feed a lot of people. 
tense something you get when you are mad or angry.  you can get like this when you are stressed.  causes the muscles in your body to tighten up and make you feel uncomfortable.  something that no one enjoys feeling. 
beg something you do when you need something.  you ask over and over.  or you can try and persuade them to do or give you something.  a lot of college students do this for money from their parents.  something that no one likes to do but everyone has done it.  
belt supporter or your waste.  holds your pants up.  trendy and fashionable.  goes through the loop holes in your pants.  can get them in any stile.  
offense the position that scores most of the points in sports.  also you can stand up for someone in this matter.  someone who is trying to defend someone or something.  has many different meanings.
washington a state that is in the upper left corner of the united states.  many great schools there.  Lots of sports occur there.  its a pretty decent sized state.  never been to washington so couldn\'t tell you what if looks like. 
smile something that everyone loves to see.  when you show your teeth and show happy expression on your face.  everyone has a different smile.  some people get them fixed with braces some people don\'t.  smiling is one of my favorite things to do. 
leather couches are usually made out of this and other furniture.  great material for making things.  i think it comes from animals?  highly used product today.
ski snowy hills and jumps.  X games, winter sport.  Very popular, yet very hard to do.  ski lift is always fun to ride up the hill in. 
real real world on mtv.  someone who is their self and isn\'t fake.  actual thing or object.  not imaginable. 
no something everyone hates to hear.  2 letter word that means a lot.  can be used in almost every tone of voice.  usually used in a very stern deep tone.  usually meaningful.  
sting bees sting and it hurts very badly.  some people are alergic to stings and they can get really hurt from it.  usually occurs when you get hit or bit and your wound stings. 
closing curtains closing, or door closing.  almost anything that opens closes.  the ending of something.  the last of whatever it is. 
camp tent with your friends and a bonfire.  usually in a field or a campground.  summertime parties and you camp.  roasting marshmellows by a fire and grilling hotdogs. 
annoying stubborn, something everyone hates.  bothering somebody very much.  aggrivating, makes me think of younger siblings.  waiting on something is also very annoying. 
satin type of cloth.  usually found in girls clothes.  very trendy.  shirts, shorts, underwear, almost everything.  soft and silky. 
thursday thirsty thursday baseball games or a night at the bar.  most peoples start to the weekend if they don\'t have friday classes.  almost the end of the week, and it usually feels long.  
prince below the king.  has power but not the most power.  lives in a castle and has a cool life. also a singer from back in the days. 
gas something that goes in your car.  expensive.  has gone up in price over the years greatly.  smells cool.  very flammable.
fall beautiful season when the leaves are turing colors.  usually when school starts.  also you can fall down the stairs, or fall over something.  season right after summer.
garden pretty flowers.  greenhouse full of pretty gardens.  keep up with it well and it will grow.  so many different colored plants you can grow.  gardens are very pretty if you keep up with them.
husband the male of the married couple.  stereotypical the one who works.  could also be a dad.  something that a girl always dreams of.
never a word no one should ever say.  negative energy.  never say never.  lots of negative things behind this word. 
cocaine drug that is a white powder.  very addicting.  usually people have to go to rehab when they get addicted.  very bad for you and makes you age very quickly.
frightened scared of a movie or an amusement park ride.  usually children are frightened of more things than adults. monsters or something in your closet that you think is going to jump out at you when you are a young child. 
animal furry, varies in size.  so many species.  from dogs and cats to lions and tigers.  live outside, and adapt to their surroundings.  love having pets.
glue something that sticks to things.  helps you put stuff back together.  use it a lot in elementary school when making crafts.  elmers is a good brand. 
hole something in the ground that you can fall in.  movie holes.  you dig them, they can be any size.  some animals live in them.  there can also be holes in your clothing.
cheap not expensive.  goodwill or used clothing.  something everyone loves to hear.  wish everything wasn\'t as expensive as it was.  every guy likes a cheap date.
sports active, running and lots of energy.  soccer is my favorite.  many different sports out there today.  play to win. uniform and sportsmanship.
drugs bad for you but good for you when you need them. many kids experiment with them. can lead down the wrong path.  grow up learning how bad they are. 
orgasm sex, something enjoyable.  usually involving a guy and a girl doing a sexual activity.  something that can only be shared between you and another person.
camera take a picture of anything.  catch the moment of whatever your doing.  great invention.  photo albums so you will never forget.  pictures can last forever.  frame it and look at it on your wall.
nephew your siblings son.  exciting to have a nephew.  usually cute and you want to be an aunt or uncle.  family, you love them to death.  
on something is on, its currently working.  you can turn anything.  a stove, straightner almost anything turns on and off.  its always better when its on unless you forget to turn it off. 
dumb stupid, no common sense. stupid decisions, not thinking before you speak.  not doing your work when your supposed to.  
crash boom, car crash.  scary thing if your in a car crash.  usually a crash is a bad thing.  you can be riding something and crash. injuries, bruises and bleeding.  usually nothing good comes from a crash.
environment outside world.  trying to keep it clean.  go green, earth day.  something that we need to keep clean in order to stay here. 
shampoo soap and conditioner follows.  rinse your hair out with.  washing your hair is a great clean feeling.  vo5 is a cheap shampoo when your broke. 
answer everyone wants to know.  figuring it out and you will get the outcome.  sometimes there is no right or wrong answer.  test, quiz you want to get the right answer. 
confess you did or you didnt do it.  you were either good or bad.  just say it, jst confess already.  court, parents or police. 
concert music, dancing and fun.  bands that play, shows and jam bands.  orchestra, piano, rock and roll.  love going to concerts, and dancing my heart out. 
arrogant stubborn, and annoying.  ignorance, and don\'t like people who are like this.  negative word that is used for people who get on peoples nerves. 
quart one fourth of something.  add an er and it becomes quater.  a quart of milk.  quantatity usually learn it in math. 
storage place to put your stuff.  buildings for when your moving.  storage room in your house, piles of stuff everywhere.  
catholic religion, cathedral, private catholic school.  baptised, raised as a catholic.  hard to become one.  unique religion.
prisoner trapped in a room.  no where to go.  committed a crime, deserve to be there.  usually a very bad crime. long sentences in prison.  someone who has lost their freedom. 
rip tear, rip apart.  having a lot of muscles and being ripped.  something in half or in pieces.  ripping a piece of paper.
young child, or teenager.  under 18, and not an adult yet.  childhood you have no worries.  growing up sucks when you have more responsibilities. 
sky up high and cloudy.  blue and pretty clouds.  awesome when the sun is out and shining.  fly in an airplane. 
rule everyone hates rules.  you can outrule someone in something.  you have to obey the rules you are given.  every kid wants to have no rules.
bath bubbles, and rubber duckies.  makes you think of the bubble baths you used to have when you were a child.  playing in the batchtub with all your fun toys.  clean feeling, rinse off.


