Subject:
SEMANTICS S00749
From:
WebServer Reserved UID <webservd@cedar.olemiss.edu>
Date:
Mon, 26 Apr 2010 11:29:40 -0500 (CDT)
To:
buchananlab@gmail.com

erin@olemiss.edu

Semantic Data  WL9 S00749
Practice:
sing 
hammer 
Experimental:
erupt Erupt means to blow up. Volcanoes are the main thing that this word can be used for. A person can erupt with an emotion usually wiht anger. Eruption is another form of the word.
wild Wild is somehting that is crazy or out of control. A person, party and an animal can be wild in different meanings of the word. Wild can be referred to as a good or bad word usually good. If parents called a kid wild then it isnt good.
hint Hint is word that means a helpful suggestion to get a solution. Hint can mean that there a clue that leads a person to get hte answer to a problem. A hint can be very helpful when you are guessing on something or trying to figure a problem out.
nervous Nervous is an emotion that one experiences when he or she has to do an act that involves pressure on the indivual. Athletes, actors, students and everyone get nervous at some point. 
business Business is a word that means an organization or corperation that does a particular act or trade in the world. In a business there is a boss or multiple leaders and they hire others to work for them in thier particular field of expertise.
path Path is a road chosen by an individual to get to thier desired destination. A path can be what you make and you can make your path end wherever you like. A path is something that leads you to a destination. 
bride Bride is a woman that is getting married to a man. A bride has been proposed to and is about to married in the holy sacriment of marriage. A bride is hte last step in becoming a wife. 
squirrel A squirrel is a rodent that lives outside in the trees. Squirrels are most prevelent in the Americas. They generally eat nuts but they do take food from the human population. There are many squirrels around Ole Miss.
pizza Pizza is a type of food that originated in Italy. Pizza is a bread based food with tomato suace, cheese and whatever personal topping the indivual wants to top it off. There are thin and thick crusts. Pizza is sold everywhere around the world. Pizza is best eaten while its hot about 10 minutes after its cooked. 
tense Tense is word that has multiple meanings. All words in English are put in a tense. Past, present and future are the different tenses. Tense can also describe how a person feels. If a person is nervous and is wound up; he is tense.
beg Beg is a word that means to ask for something without dignity. People who beg have to plead with the person who they are begging from for money, a car or some other item that the person has. Begging and beggar are things taht noone wants to do. 
belt Belt is a article of clothing that is worn around the waist of men or stomach of women to keep the pants or dress of a girl held up in teh right position. Belts can be made out primarily anyhitng that is strong enough to hold up the pants. 
offense Offense has multiple meanings. One is offense in sports. A sports team is on offense when the team has the ball or in tennis when the player is in control of a point, he is on the offensive. Another meaning is that a person can take offense to somehting, which means to disrespect someone by saying something they do not want to hear or to make fun of them.
washington Washington is name, a city, and a state. Our first president\'s last name was Washington. The city where our capital is located is Washington, and a state in the north west of the United States of America is called Washington. 
smile Smile is an action that someone does wiht their mouth. It usually means taht person is happy or is feeling some kind of satisfaction whether its good or bad. A smile is contagious and can make for a good day.
leather Leather is a kind of material that is hard and comes from teh skin of animals. Leather items are very populaar. Wallets adn belts are typically made from Leather. They are usually brown or black.
ski Ski is a action that can be done in the winter and summer. Water skiing is done on a lake. Winter Skiing is done in the snow. Skiing is done wiht two boots with board type fiber glass attatched to your feet and you go across a surface wiht them,
real Real is somtheing that isnt fake. Things that are real are the anytings that you can see, touch, smell or taste. Real is a word that can be used to express emotions insde. Love is one of feelings taht can be described as real. 
no No is word taht means not happening or a person doesnt want to do something. No is denying permission to do somehting. No is the opposite of yes.
sting Sting is something that peirces an object. It has multiple meanings. Sting can refer to an inside operation when the FBI sends an undercover agent to get into a sting and find out illegal actions in an organization. Sting can also happen when an insect bites or pinches another animal. 
closing Closing conists of an object shutting somehting. Closing is when an object asserts force on another object to shut it. 
camp Camp is a word that refers to a place that is site that people gather away from their home wiht others to either vacation or a place of meeting for an organization.
annoying Annoying is an adjective that can describe someone pesters a person. Annoying is a bad term that someone says is pestering someone. 
satin Satin is the root of all evil in the world. And he is in charge of Hell. He is the opponet of God and was cast from heaven when he tried to rebell 
thursday Thurday is the fifth day of the week. It comes after Wednesday and before Friday. It is the closest day to weekend before the acutally weekend. 
prince Prince is a title given to the son of the king. the prince is the next in line to the throne of the coutnry. The prince is usually the oldest of the kings sons.
gas Gas is a liquid composition that fuels cars, planes, trains and most transport vehicles. Gas is made up of oil and oxygen. Gas is the main import of th US.
fall Fall is a season and verb. Fall comes between Summer and Winter. With the fall comes the trees changing colors and the weather getting colder and the days getting shorter. the verb fall means to drop down not on purpose or to trip.
garden Garden is a patch of soil wiht plants planted into the ground. Gardens are to be kept up by hte people planting the plants and are best in the sun depending on the plant.
husband Husband is word that refers to the male spouse. A husband is supposed to love, cherish and take care of his wife. A husband is a married man.
never Never means that that action will not ever happen. It means that the individial does nto and will not want to this action to happen. 
cocaine Cocaine is the most powerful stimulent drug that a person can take. this drug is extremely addicting and is very dangerous for a person to get addicted to. it is a white powder that is genreally snorted through the nose.
frightened Frightened is a word taht means scared or in a panic. A person gets frightened when something happens that is out of the ordinary and happens quicly. 
animal Animal is a word that describes all the creatures on earth. Animals can be in teh ocean, water, earth, under the earth and in the sky. There are various kinds of animals, and God put us on hte planet to take care of the animals on earth.
glue Glue is a sticky substance that is put on a object for the purpose of sticking another thing on top of glue to keep it in place. Glue is best whenit first comes out of the tube and it dries quickly. 
hole Hole is somehting that is dug or just happens. It is a space in the ground where the surface has a dip or sinks in and the holes can vary in size depending on the surface. 
cheap Cheap is somehting that is inexpensive and there is not alot of money or items involved to get the thing. Cheap items usully are not hte best in its category but it will work. 
sports Sports are competitions adn entertainemnt taht people compete and watch to see who the best tema or player is. SPorts have been around forever. 
drugs Drugs are things that impair an individual and change his perception of life. There are pills, shrooms, grass, powder and liqid that can be drugs. Drugs are illegal unless perscribed by  a doctor. 
orgasm An orgasm is a feeling that a girl experiences when she is at hte peak or sexual satisfaction. An orgasm occurs when an object penetrates the vagina adn creates sexual satisfaction. 
camera Camera is an object that records a picture in history. Pictures are how poeple remember past events later in life. Cameras are electronic and have been in use for the past century. 
nephew Nephew is a term used for an brother to his brothers son. A nephew can also be sister\'s sister\'s son. A nephew has an uncle and aunt. 
on On refers to something taht is not off. On can be somethnig that is hot at the moment or is in the spotlight. On can be anyhting that is in the presest. 
dumb Dumb is anything that is not smart whether it is an action or question or statement. Dumb things can lead to collasal mistakes. 
crash Crash refers to something running into another object. A car can crash into antyhting or a person can crash into any object. 
environment Environmant refers ot the particualar setting that an animal lives in. Everyhting has its appropiate environment, its just a amtter of finding it.
shampoo Shampoo is a substance used to clean the hair of an animal or human. Shampoo takes out the grease, dirt and sweat that is in the hair and cleans it out. 
answer Answer is solution to a problem whether it is big or small. Answers are hard to come by. When you find the correct answer you can feel satisfied.
confess Confess is to tell the truth about a certain lie that you may have told. Confess is what the catholic church does when the peolpe tell their sins to a father.
concert Concert is a word taht refers to a group of people gathering to listen or watch or be entertained by a person or group typically on a stage.
arrogant Arrogant is a word that can mean being cocky or full or oneself about life or any particualar skill that an individual feels he or she is a master at. Arrogance is not a good virtue to have.
quart Quart is a tpye of measurement in liquids. A quart is about half of a gallon and one can buy milk, water, soda or other liquids in quatts.
storage Storage is a word that refers to items being put away for a later time of use. Storage can mean that items be placed ina garage until their needed. Storage is helpful becuse it allows space for more necessary items. 
catholic Catholic is a type of christianity. It is a branch of Judiasm, and it plays a role in modern christina world. They believe in that the pope is chosen by God.
prisoner Prisoner is a person that is behind bars because he was caught or supected of doing somehting illegal or against a law. A prisoner is sentenced to serve a certain amount of time in a jail.
rip Rip is a tear in something that is evident to everyone. A rip is usually dealt with in clothes. A rip happens when something is caught on a sharp object and is torn.
young Young refers to childhood, adolescense, and young adulthood. Being young is living in the prime days of an individual. 
sky Sky is the air above us where the clouds are and the rain and sunshine come from it. The sky is what keeps our universe in line. Gravity keeps everything in sky where its supposed to be. 
rule Rule is a guideline that is set before a group or law that is suppoesd to be followed. If rules are broken then chaos ensues. 
bath bath refers to action of getting clean in a body or water. The person washes himself off wiht other products or just hte water from a bath. 


