Subject:
SEMANTICS 449
From:
WebServer Reserved UID <webservd@cedar.olemiss.edu>
Date:
Mon, 26 Apr 2010 22:27:28 -0500 (CDT)
To:
buchananlab@gmail.com

erin@olemiss.edu

Semantic Data  WL9 449
Practice:
sing talking with a little pep into it, melody, music, 
hammer hard, long, the tip is made of metal, and the handle is usually wood or metal also.
Experimental:
erupt to start, to begin 
wild crazy, hetic, excitment, 
hint example, help, 
nervous anixity, 
business what makes the world go round, what keeps the economy floating 
path guide, keeps you on track, 
bride all dressed in white, virgin, 
squirrel little furry creature with a fluffy tail, 
pizza a tringle of bread with cheese and toppings on top of it. 
tense hard, stressed, 
beg annoying, bothered
belt what holds your pants up, usually made out of leather. 
offense opposed to defense, goes for the goal 
washington up norht state, snows there every winter, it is usually very rainy
smile bright, white, full of teeth, the same shape as a half moon. 
leather what cowboy boots are made of. smells nice. made from cows. 
ski what you do on water or snow, flying on lands surface.
real what life is, 
no the opposite of yes, never, not, wouldnt, couldnt. 
sting what a bee does, it hurts, burns, iches.
closing what has to happen before you can open agian. 
camp what you do at night when you sleep in a tent with a fire going. 
annoying rude, aggrovating, wont leave someone alone. 
satin evil, mean, ugly, red, rude, not a perosn you want to know. 
thursday the last day of the real week before the weekend starts. 
prince beauitful, nice, sweet, handsome, romantic, lives in a beautiful palace.
gas what keeps cars going, liquid that smells very strong. 
fall what comes after summer and before winter, full of leaves, typical colors are orange, brown and purple
garden full of flowers and green plants, what people do to relax, 
husband who a wife confides in, 
never no, not, will not do something.
cocaine a white substanes that makes people have a lot of energy, looks like flour
frightened scared, affraid, temid aboud doing somehting. 
animal a mammal that ususaly has four legs such as a cat or dog. 
glue what holds things together usually white. 
hole dark, black, what rabbits live in .
cheap not expensive, 
sports things people play to keep entertained usualy played with balls. 
drugs things people take to get on a different level, wrong, 
orgasm exciting, fantastic, pleasurable, happy, thrilling
camera a memory capturing device, usually black, helps capture moments that mean the most to people.  
nephew if your sibiling has a baby boy that is what the baby is to you. 
on opposed to off of something 
dumb a uneducated person, 
crash fall into something. fall down, hurts, 
environment where we live, where other organisms live, ocean, river, farm
shampoo what cleans your hair, usually smells like flowers. 
answer the opposite to quesiton 
confess confide, secretes, telling someone about something.
concert a jam fest, loud music, dancing people
arrogant hard headed person, only things in one direction 
quart a measurement
storage closet, were poeple put things they need out of the way
catholic religous, worship, 
prisoner a person held against their will 
rip a whole, tear, 
young what you are before you old, doing lots of adventurus things
sky opposite of the ground, bright blue, holds the stars
rule keeps people in order, tells people what they can not do. 
bath a pot full of water, what people sit in to get clean. 


