Subject:
SEMANTICS MONTANA S00006
From:
WebServer Reserved UID <webservd@cedar.olemiss.edu>
Date:
Mon, 21 Jun 2010 18:11:43 -0500 (CDT)
To:
buchananlab@gmail.com

erin@olemiss.edu

Semantic Data  WL11 MONTANA S00006
Practice:
zebra use for eating,tool,silver,metal,comes in different sizes, bendable, hard.  
house Soft, light, used for comfort, used on couches, used to lay or sleep on.
Experimental:
1 team involves many people, found in work and sporting environments, structured, powerful, successful, organized.  
2 grand Large, elaborate, detailed, luxurious.
3 eat Necessity of life, all animal species eat, food groups, daily, multiple times per day.
4 brother Sibling, someone you have grown up with, leader, protection, hero, bully, friend, partner in crime, teacher.  
5 hypnotize desensitized, used as treatment for psychological issues, loss of control, removed, magic.
6 shirt worn by men and women, cotton, lightweight, short sleeve, long sleeve, multiple colors, warm, needs washing, used to cover body.
7 explode bomb, destructive, fire.
8 Sunday Day to go to church, last day of weekend, first day of the week, time to spent with family, activities, cleaning, football.
9 ten Time of day, number, age.
10 female breasts, half of the population, partner, mother.
11 whole complete, type of milk
12 fighter Aggressive, protective, strong, confident,
competitive, causes pain.
13 muscle Part of body, facilitates movement, covered by skin, firm, can be built up.
14 penny coin, U.S. currency, copper, has in god we trust on the top, used to purchase items, hard.
15 train transportation, fast, powerful, loud, made of metal, toy, made of plastic, runs on railroad, causes delay.
16 glasses use to facilitate seeing, made of glass and metal usually, breakable,clear, need a prescription,worn on face.  
17 nurse work in medical settings, helpful, reduce pain, men or women,lots of jobs, needed, usually wear scrubs, see before you see the doctor.
18 jesus Controversial, savior, man who died, man who lived, well known, man's name, history.
19 money needed, created by government, used to purchase items, divides rich and poor, economy depends on it.
20 shoelace found in shoe, long, many colors but usually white, need to be tied, weave in and out of hole to make shoes tight.
21 cabinet wood, used to store thing, found in homes and garages, have knobs, open and close.
22 goal something to accomplish, term used in sports, attainable.
23 work usually done 5 days a week, place where you provide service and receive payment, opportunity for growth, place of social interaction.
24 allow permission to do something
25 coat article of clothing, used for warmth, seasonal, long sleeved, heavy or light, different colors, soft, fabric, comfortable.
26 hall place leading to rooms, long or short confined, a surrounding of walls, hard.
27 who a word used to find out a person/people involved
28 thirsty in need of refreshment, bodily reaction,
water. 
29 words used to form sentences, speech, long or short, made of letters.  
30 secret something not to be shared, private, personal, usually evokes emotion.
31 liberty Freedom, promise made by our country,provoked wars/fighting, bell.
32 home Safe, warm, family, building, small, large, made of different materials such as wood, concrete, and brick, strong, personal, protection from environment.
33 wagon transportation, type of car, type of vehicle used years ago, made of wood or metal, carries items, place for the dog.
34 painting priceless, personal, made with paint, canvas, artist, colorful, evokes emotion, can't be touch after completed, soft, light.
35 basketball round, object used in basketball games, orange, black lines, bounces, light, easy to throw, goes in a hoop.
36 pen used for writing, made with ink, usually in black and blue ink, held in hand, made of plastic,bought as multiples, used in all forms of work.
37 object Anything that can be touched. 
38 opening place to enter into, event, doorway, hole.
39 against Not in support of, disagree with, fight for, leaning on.
40 print form of writing, to make copies of, to put something onto paper, transfer.
41 stream Body of water, movement, environment, wet, cold, warm, outside.
42 motel dirty, temporary housing, small units with doors opening to outside, contain beds, has shower, dark, used for one night stands.  
43 faith Belief, spiritual, a girls name, inner peace.
44 start The beginning, something you do to a car.
45 radio often found in cars, provides information, music.
46 cabin place in the woods, usually small, made of wood, shelter, home, housing.
47 balloon Filled with air or helium, found at parties, kids love them, round, light, float, held down by string attached and tied to something with weight, fly,symbol of caring.  
48 title Needed to sell a car, paper, status, persons position.
49 pick choose, make decision, 
50 thief someone who steals, breaks into houses, untrustworthy, may be dangerous. Not accepted as cultural norm.
51 agreement understand and believe in something, will back up, have positive appreciation for. 
52 property something you own, car, house, material possessions, land, could be a feature, characteristic of a person.
53 innocent not guilty, have not committed a crime, being young and unaffected by the world, sweet.
54 grave Symbol of death, place where people are buried after death, dirt, ground, hard, casket.
55 neutron science, positive, negative
56 bum homeless person, something you sit on, someone looked down on for not fitting social norm, dirty clothes.
57 fraternity College social network for males, loud, drink a lot, rush, desirable, confident, group, team. 
58 tag found on clothes, paper, usually held on by string of plastic, shows information, white.
59 obstacle something to overcome, difficult, to be accomplished.  
60 speech way to communicate, slow, fast, loud, difficult to understand, presentation given in front of people, fear of rejection.

