Semantic Data s00233

Practice:

finger is on your hand, points to objects, is used to pick up objects, bends, has senses, nails grow on it.

couch people lay on it, it is usually in a living area such as a bedroom or living room, has cushions, can be sat on, etc., is made out of wood.

Experimental:

ambidextrous a person can use both of their hands, being able to write with both hands, or play a sport as a left handed person or a right handed person.

exhort to aggressively give advice, to urge someone to do something, to push someone or something, to persuade.

teensy small, tiny, like a spot on the floor, or a very small mistake that no one notices, dirt stains, microorganism, bugs, nicks in glass, the tip of a pen is this size as well.

insurance when you loose something, have something set on fire, or damage something a person can get paid for it. It is a back up plan for stolen, lost material items.

phantom something that is not necessarily there, but feels like it is so. Like a ghost or an illusion. Can be a medical condition (phantom limb), is the name of a character in the opera \"Phantom of the Opera\"

emboss to raise something on a card or invitation for decoration. A banner can have this on it as well.

bandmaster The head of a marching band. Does not play an instrument, just instructs or leads the band so there is no confusion. Wears really nice clothing, is not in a normal uniform as everyone else. Has the most experience out of the whole band, usually.

exultation to be very excited, ecstatic, to have great joy. What people express at a wedding, when they get engaged, have a baby, or something good just happens in their lives. A warm anxious feeling in a persons body when they are extremely happy.

lapse A long period of time, a moment when someone has bad judgment, to stop doing something, to slack off at a job or at school, doing something wrong.

barbarism the Romans, people before speech, what native Americans used to be called because white men thought they were uneducated, stone age, lack of morals, wild, cruel.

ethics having morals, can be religious, can be a personal belief in what is right and what is wrong. How people should be treated, how animals should be treated, a section of study in philosophy, a set of values that your parents can teach you or that are already instilled.

asymmetrical not symmetrical, two triangles of different sizes, the two triangles can not be put on top of the other and match completely.

negligent to ignore, not to take care of something or someone. to not finish something. what social workers deal with in  a lot of child cases. to allow a vegetable to get bad.

freeway where cars drive, Hitler invented this, has multiple lanes, is intended to be able to quickly evacuate people if there is a major disaster and people need to be moved quickly. is jammed most of the time with cars at a stand still due to car accidents and construction. a road that can go from state to state.

surgeon a person with a medical degree that is a specialist in specific fields. can specialize in operating on hearts, brains, can do minor surgery such as taking out a gall bladder.

rivalry competition. usually goes on between two people or schools usually. one person is trying to do better than the other in something.

unkempt messy, unclean, sloppy, disordered, grungy, not tidy. someone’s hair in tangles, someone’s clothing choices that are all over the place.

handsomely good-looking, attractive, beautiful, becoming, well-dressed, a word used often in "Jane Austen" times for describing women and men who were very appealing and thought to be worth marrying.

prospective in the future, look forward to, something that is anticipated, a proposal that has not come.

book bag is a sack carried on ones back by students at educational institutions, holds books of all sorts, material sown together that is carried to hold supplies.

rubberneck extremely curious, to stick ones head out and/or around a corner, to be noisy, gawking at someone and/or something.

heartbroken despair over a situation, the feeling of loss, a psychological state of loss that can have physiological effects. what a person feels when their significant other is far from them.

sassafras an herb, comes from a tiny tree. is often said to be funny for no reason at all by many people.

tint a thin dark plastic used to keep sunrays from coming through windows. often on car windows, sometimes also found on house windows, and business windows. can be found at hardware stores and automotive stores.

poor having a lack something. could be lacking money, health, relationships, speed, stamina, etc.

presumptuous being to forward, over stepping ones boundaries, making assumptions.

attain to have possession of something or someone that you did not have before. to gain something or someone.

worn to have a shirt on, old, gone down in value, rough around the edges, a faded shirt that was once bright, what happens to humans over time.

dictate giving orders, a task for a secretary to do, speaking aloud so something can be recorded.

fifty a number, a type of currency, half a century, a point in a person's marriage where they get the "golden, silver, etc\" anniversary party.

live something in the moment, something done in person, the body can function without support, not prerecorded, The tonight show with Conan O\'Brian.

update adding new information, computers do this, to give someone new information on a matter or subject.

scotch a type of liquor, a tape brand, a type of background for a particular origin of people (Scottish, from Scotland).

affirm agreeing to something, to confirm something, to make a statement that one believes in wholly.

retort answering a question in a very stern manner. to reply to someone in a severe way.

obey taking instruction and following out those instructions that have been given. to agree to a command and follow it out through action. what portents expect from their children.

squeak a sound made by a mouse, a floor board, and/or a door. a high sound high in pitch. to barely just get by. to squeeze in somewhere or something.

sophomore ranking in high school and college. a second year student in an educational setting. a stage. a rank. a placeholder or title from a university or high school.

hemp drug, herb, cannabis, found all around the world. grown many different places. illegal in many different countries. smoke by TONS of people when in the marijuana form.

sawhorse something that can be moved, but is made for wood to be sawed on. usually has steel legs. can be made or bought. most handy men own them. can be unstable if one does not know what they are doing.

wineglass a thin glass with a stem made for serving wine. can have a wide mouth or a more closed off one. white, red, and desert wines have different shapes. has a base.

classless not belonging to a society level. a society that does not have levels. categorized.

hymn a church song. the basis of many songs of our day. a song in celebration of something, usually god.

musk an odor that is produced in dears. attracts female dears. a secretion under the skin. clear substance.

woodwind a name given to the group of instruments such as flutes, clarinets, and other wind pipe instruments. usually the sound is produced by air passing to reeds, or like the flute the air passes from the mouth down the tube without the reed.

tiptoe to walk quietly, to skulk, to try and walk past without disturbing or alarming people and/or something. being cautious. the end of ones toe.

definitive the final answer to something, the end of a discussion. there is nothing beyond the decision made.

barley a tree. an herb. used to make alcohol, and is put in foods.

dust old skin cells that collect on objects everywhere. when bunched up can resemble cotton, light and a grey color to it.

dishonest not telling the truth. a liar. what colleges hate. can not be trusted. something a true friend would never do.

slowly to go at a rate that is said not to be as fast as the norm. how one walks when they are not in a hurry. time passes at this rate when is anxious or in anticipation.

steering what you do in your car to get it to turn. giving direction to a vehicle or a person and/or other object.

marionette a puppet that is made to move with strings. French doll. is found in children nurseries as a type of entertainment.

coincidence two things happening at the same time not on purpose. two things that happen on accident, but look like they could have been planned in advance.

unobtainable being out of reach. something that is not in ones realm of possessing. some peoples goals are like this, they can not be met.

incredulous not believing, thinking something or someone is not credible, thinking something is false. disbelief of something or someone.

caper a garnish and or something found in sea food platters. a trick or prank.

clearance getting the "ok" from someone or an organization. being able to pass. a mark down on store prices in a department store. trying to get rid of objects.

stony hard, massive, a slang for someone being high, describing hale. motionless, having no heart, having fear.
- Hide quoted text -

ordeal a problem, a big deal, a test, a hard experience.
