Semantic Data S00239
Practice:

finger appendage, used to perform essential human function

couch used to sit on, used as a fashion statement

Experimental:

ambidextrous being able to fully and functionally use both hands

exhort being urgent or persuasion, getting something to do something in your favor

teensy little, tiny, petite, very small

insurance a safety net, something to fall back on incase of accident or injury

phantom a ghost, unreal figure, mythical

emboss to decorate with raised or 3D things

bandmaster someone to direct the band, help improve the music, conduct to keep the band together

exultation act of obvious joy or happiness

lapse time in which a planned activity or routine is temporarily stopped or broken

barbarism unruly, chaotic, uncivilized

ethics morals, choices reflecting one\'s integrity

asymmetrical uneven, not being the same all throughout

negligent abandonment, leaving alone, un nurturing

freeway highway in which there are many lanes, having high speed limits, fast-paced

surgeon doctor who performs surgery and helps in recovery

rivalry an opposition or tension between two people, teams, or groups

unkempt unruly, untidy, unkempt, cluttered

handsomely handsome, attractive, cute, charming

prospective referring to something that may happen in the future

bookbag a bag or satchel to hold book, work, or school related objects.

rubberneck being obvious in staring at someone or something

heartbroken being sad, lonely, devastated, or depressed about an unfavorable outcome

sassafras a tree that has many shapes of leaves, may be used medicinally

tint a darker shade of a color

poor low quality, bad, not up to par.

also having no or little money.

presumptuous making assumptions before full information is given.

attain having, owning, possessing.

worn old, being used, presented.

dictate having complete control

fifty the number. (50)

live happening right now.

also meaning the biological definition of being alive, making use and inhabiting the environment.

update giving new information on a subject that was presented previously.

scotch a liquor/ alcohol that people drink.

affirm finalizing previous discussions, similar to confirm??

retort coming back with an answer, most of the time in a debate or argument.

obey to follow rules or orders. do as one is told.

squeak high pitched sound, not very loud.

sophomore referring to the second year of high school, college, or program

hemp string or product coming from a certain kind of plant, organic.

sawhorse an object used to hold up other objects as in construction projects, has four legs at the bottom.

wineglass glass that is used for drinking wine, has a long, thin, stem leading to the cup part.

classless without class, being \"trashy\", \"rough around the edges\"

hymn a sacred song usually sang in church services

musk a fragrance coming from vanilla..?

woodwind an instrument that makes sound by air making pitches with wood. mostly made of metal now.

tiptoe stepping softly, on the tips of one\'s toes

definitive defining something, being specific

barley a grain, type of bread

dust dirt particles, often containing microbes, always in the air

dishonest not being truthful, lying, without honesty

slowly with caution, not being fast or speedy, low speed or velocity

steering moving in a certain direction, usually referring to left or right

marionette an instrument??

coincidence happening at odd times in that one may think it was supposed to be, or meant to happen, when in all reality it was independent events.

unobtainable not able to obtain or get, unreachable

incredulous absurd, weird, ridiculous, out of the norm, unbeleiving

caper a plant that is used in cooking, as a garnish

clearance on sale at the lowest price, or something being low enough to not fit under... referring to \"low\".

stony having rocks or a rough surface.

ordeal an occurrence often being of hassle or trouble.