finger part of your hand, used to type, used to write, lick after you eat, you usually have five, nails are a part of it.

couch used to sit on, located in the living room, nice and comfortable, fluffy, has pillows, can sleep on it.

Experimental:

ambidextrous skillful, does things extra well, pertaining to both whether it be hands or if a person likes both boys/girls.

exhort advice, explanations, opinions, give awareness, warnings.

teensy something or someone that is little, very tiny, petite.

insurance used for protection whether for car, house, or life. a sense of security, reassurance that you will get something in return, a sense of safety.

phantom a person or figure which is just an illusion. can be seen in dreams, appearance is not real.

emboss make a representation, or a design.

bandmaster leader, head, director of a band. To instruct/lead the band.

exultation overjoyed about something.  Being very happy ecstatic about an accomplishment, etc.

lapse a decline of something. To fall or become lowered in something.

barbarism to be outrageous like an animal. showing inhumanly acts. Monster like tendencies, ways.

ethics morals and values that one\'s culture have.  Rights and wrongs of someone\'s culture.  Rules that one should abide by.

asymmetrical Not perfectly even, not the same, opposite.

negligent being neglectful either by job, force, or just because you wanna be.  someone who is lazy who just doesn’t care about things.

freeway consist of 3 or 4 lanes. cars drive on it at a pretty fast speed. used to get places quickly if not stuck in traffic.

surgeon person who operates/performs surgery on individuals. Life saver, face reconstructor, body reconstructor.

rivalry high school football teams, college football teams, as well as basketball teams, sports teams in general.

unkempt not so nice clothes, uncombed hair, not a good appearance such as look wise.

handsomely well put together in the way you dress, clothes you wear, hair is combed. Looking nice, being generous.

prospective students wanting to enter college, people interviewing for a job. Someone\'s way of thinking, how someone see\'s a certain situation/idea from their point of view.

book bag used to carry books, binders, pencils/pens. an accessory to a uniform. Can be one strapped two strapped. different colors and designs, big and small, different brands.

rubberneck a tourist, international student, foreigner to a country, person looking at an accident or something interesting.

heartbroken person who just got out of a long relationship. a person who has lost a very close love one.

sassafras a special tree. a type of flavoring

tint black, to darken. can go on windows on a car, can be on sunglasses to block the sun.

poor having no money, food, clothes, or shelter. skinny body type.  terrible performance academically.

presumptuous A bold person, a person who thinks he/she knows everything. A person who assumes allot.

attain reaching your goals, an accomplishment such as receiving a diploma, a degree, or a certification of completion.

worn tired, clothes that you had on from a previous day, ragged looking such as messed up shoes.

dictate Lead, over something or people, take control of such as the president, or a captain.

fifty can be someone\'s age, can be the amount of money you have whether dollars or cents, a number.

live a concert performance, a living person, an overly happy person, to be breathing.

update such as a newer version of something to have the latest to date clothing, shoes, cars, hairstyles, phones, etc.

scotch a brand of tape, a type of liquor.

affirm a lawyer, a jury, a judge. someone who can define their actions.

retort answering a question, getting back at someone, a person\'s response.

obey to follow the rules, one of the ten commandments, being cooperative.

squeak a noise, a wet shoe on a polished floor, a clarinet sound, wrong note.

sophomore grade level, status as a student, year of school you’re in.

hemp a type of bush, marijuana for example, a plant.

sawhorse a wooden bench, a construction workers work table.

wineglass glass cup with round top, long stem.

classless showing no class, an ignorant person, someone who shows no morals or values, a rebellious child.

hymn church song, song in churches, located in bunches in a book, people sing them together.

musk an unpleasant odor, smell after you’ve worked out all day or been outside all day. To be funky, unbearable odor.

woodwind instrument such as a clarinet, saxophone, etc.

tiptoe trying to sneak out the house, trying not to disturb someone, leaving silently from a place without trying to make a noise.

definitive final answer, such as a lawyer making their final statement, an argument for a term paper.

barley a type of herb, a type of leaf, used in cooking, adds a certain taste to food.

dust sand or dirt that is blown by the wind, substance that is left on wood if it has not been cleaned in a while, little whitish brownish fur balls.

dishonest not telling the truth, a person who lies deceives.  A lawyer.

slowly a turtle crossing the street, taking your time not rushing.

steering used in driving a car, or any type of motor vehicle.

marionette a puppet show, to guide someone actions by having them a string.

coincidence something that occurs unexpectedly, being in the same place as someone else say an ex boyfriend, etc.

unobtainable not reachable, cannot get to, not available such as when a movie is sold out, or concert tickets are sold out.

incredulous unbelievable, hard to really trust, being doubtful.

caper to play on trick on somebody, to like rob someone, or fool a person.

clearance special low prices on items such as clothes, shoes, furniture etc. getting a bargain, items that don’t cost allot of money

stony full of stones, overcrowded, fullness.

ordeal someone\'s problem, a situation, what someone goes through