finger is a something located on your hand. There is normally five on each hand. Fingers are used in everyday basic activity.

couch a comfortable piece of furniture that is sat on by people. This piece of furniture is usually located in the home.

Experimental:

ambidextrous being skillful able to use both hands very well.

exhort able to give advice or recommend something to someone.

teensy someone or something very little.

insurance a created contract that provides individuals with coverage in health, home, property and vehicle.

phantom an illusion or thought.

emboss surface designs like decoration.

bandmaster a leader in the band, someone who directs.

exultation being in joy.

lapse falling behind or not being of good use.

barbarism being uncivilized.

ethics a group of moral principles.

asymmetrical two lines that are not identical.

negligent not taking caring of something or someone.

freeway a high speed highway that allows people to travel from one place to another.

surgeon an individual who provides the service of surgery for patients in need.

rivalry someone or something that is competition.

unkempt someone or something that is not kept clean or organized.

handsomely a male that is nice looking.

prospective someone that is being looked at that is more than likely going to be used.

book bag a bag that is designed to carry books and is usually carried on the back.

rubberneck to look at or stare at someone or something.

heartbroken an emotion that is felt by most individuals at one point in time.

sassafras a type of flower.

tint something that is seen in a darker image.

poor below average.

presumptuous about to presume back to a task.

attain finally able to reach a particular point or goal.

worn something that has been used numerous times and it not brand new.

dictate being able to report or write down exactly what someone said while they were talking.

fifty a number that is located between 49 and 51 it is also half way to 100.

live something that is done every day by people.

update renewing something

scotch a type of tape and liquor.

affirm being confident is a decision.

retort replying to someone or something.

obey to listen and do what someone in authority is telling you.

squeak making a loud obscene noise.

sophomore a classification of a student. It is the 2nd year of high school or the 2nd year of college.

hemp usually know has a type of drug that is smoked.

sawhorse a stand that allows you to lay a piece of wood across to saw.

wineglass a glass that was designed to drink wine out of.

classless someone that is does not act politely.

hymn a song that is usually sang at church.

musk a bad smell.

woodwind a type of instrument that wood is needed in order to make the instrument work.

tiptoe someone walking on their tip toes so that they are quiet.

definitive the meaning of something.

barley a type of grain.

dust something that is accumulates over time if an object is not cleaned off.

dishonest telling a lie or anything other than the truth.

slowly taking more the average amount of time on something.

steering guiding something or someone is a particular direction.

marionette a type of puppet.

coincidence something that happens alike unplanned.

unobtainable not being able to understand.

incredulous unbelievable

caper a type of tree.

clearance an item that is cheaper than usual.

stony a group or number of rocks or stones.

ordeal a trying event that occurs in an individual’s life.