Annoy	A means of protecting one's self.  To ward off attackers. In sports  the part of the team that protects the various goals. 
Annoy	opposite of offense  protect  team of protectors
Annoy	to bother  to purposely distract
Annoy	brother  family  friends  leave me alone  snap  scream  tap  skid  clap  annoyance  twitching
Annoy	little sibilings  pet peave  mean  not fun to be with  sounds  smells  messy.
Annoy	To bother someone or frustrate them. Usually done by doing something irritating repeatedly.
Annoy	Irritating 
Annoy	to bother  capable by any race  sex  or culture  can describe an individual or a particular action
Annoy	frustration  tempers rise  makes people angry  gets on your nerves
Annoy	to pester someone  repeatedly do something someone doesnt like  high pitched noises annoy people
Annoy	pester  bug
Annoy	irritating  pestering  continuously talking
Annoy	A bother  becomes an issue
Annoy	to get on someones nerves
Annoy	bother  pester  poke  anger
Annoy	is when people get on others nerves
Annoy	Sounds  noise  anger  people  cars  street
Annoy	People
Annoy	to irritate  agitate. be a bother
Annoy	Poke  shove  stare at  repeating things  to constantly follow  invading personal bubble  when wasting time  constantly talking  keeping from a task
Annoy	making noise to someone and make him or her mad 
Annoy	to be annoyed  pest  a feeling  not a good feeling
Annoy	bother  intrude  pet peive  obnoxious  little syboling  rude
Annoy	bother  pester  to cause distress
Annoy	little brothers  flies  bees  makes you feel impatient  varies depending on time  place  and personality  pet peeves  can invoke anger
Annoy	siblings  needing space  people  
Annoy	Ignoring 
Annoy	not pleasant to listen to or be around
Annoy	Nag  irritating  pest   
Annoy	family  things that are broken  technology
Annoy	is a feeling  provoked by someone or something. Irritability  frustration  to be bothered. 
Annoy	headache  annoyance  boyfriend  girlfriend  bothersome  disturb  irritate  harm  displease
Annoy	kids  teachers  parents  mad  aggrivated  not happy
Annoy	the feeling that something is annoying
Annoy	get under the skin of someone  pester or poke at to provoke them  to get on the nerves of someone  a pest
Annoy	peeve  irritate  bother
Annoy	aggrevate  piss someone off  make someone angry  talk too much  getting on someone's nerves  annoying person  hate  dislike  trying patience.
Annoy	is a feeling  is negative  can bring physical arousal  is brought upon by interpretations of actions or events
Annoy	bitch
Annoy	aggravate  to be obnoxious  causes exasperation  annoyance shown by eye rolls and other visual cues 
Annoy	is the act of bothering someone  to get on someones nerves  
Annoy	someone that wont be quiet  getting on others nerves
Annoy	can be frsustrating  ascociated with siblings
Annoy	little kids  little siblings  teachers who don't have good teaching techniques  chewing gum  to make someone uncomfortable and on edge due to your habits or actions
Annoy	Anger  pester  frustrate  not rage or mad just a step above this. Slightly tempered. 
Annoy	bad singers  children  repetitive  dumb
Annoy	younger siblings  loudness  constant questions  repetition  mothers
Annoy	Being a nuisance or bothersome  not leaving someone alone  bothering someone on purpose 
Annoy	bothersome  to instill a negative reaction upon another person.
Annoy	is negative  is caused by someone angering someone else  involves someone getting on someone else's nerves  sounds bad  is common  causes fights or arguments
Annoy	to bother  pest  bugs  squeaking  irritation
Annoy	Parties  drifting  old cars  motorcycles.
Annoy	bother  something that is irritating that you wish would stop
Annoy	Is when you get tired of something
Annoy	not pleasant  on someone's nerves  something that people can get rid of
Annoy	to get on someones nerves  to piss off  be repetative  say dumb things  talk too much  
Annoy	a word that is used to describe something that bothers someone  can be caused by a sound or action
Annoy	abonoxious  little kids  immature people  loud people  people that talk fast  misinformation  bad grades  oversleeping  not good food to eat  my dog  high maintinence people
Annoy	aggravating  a bad pesoniality trait  younger siblings are usually this
Annoy	loud  people who talks a lot and won't stop
Annoy	talking  yelling  sounds.
Annoy	Nick Duncan  my roomate
Annoy	to bother someone  or to irritate them
Annoy	something that bothers you
Annoy	bothersome  loud  rude  won't shut up  
Annoy	to get on someones nerves  to be a pain  to irritate others  distractions that annoy  leads to frustration  and leads to anger.
Annoy	something people do to other people  is not highly tolerated  little kids can be this
Annoy	is another word for irritating someone  to cause someone to not want to be around you
Annoy	loud  obnoxious
Annoy	Nagging words or actions that are irritating.
Annoy	irritated  bothered  angry
Annoy	When a person  or thing is more then you can bare and is not pleasant.
Annoy	irritating  being bugged
Annoy	is a verb.
Annoy	to bother or be bothered  unwanted  rude
Annoy	to bother or to irratate  to frustrate
Arrow	A person who puts words on paper to tell a story  an author  novelist  journalist  poet  playwright  screen wright.
Arrow	A person  someone who writes  man or woman  writer of books  magazines  etc  displays ideas  stories  concepts  interests  opinions in the form of words
Arrow	shot with a bow  piercing  made of wood  sharp point  points in a direction
Arrow	bow  pointing  direction  string  colorful  stoplight  turn arrow  green  keyboard  target  down arrow  directional  arrowhead
Arrow	pointy  hunting  target  speed.
Arrow	A slender rod shot from a bow to pierce a target. A graphic used to point someone in a direction.
Arrow	pointy 
Arrow	fired out of a bow  used in defense  used to hunt wild creatures  same standard size  however sizes may vary  comes in a variety of colors  symbol used for direction  any size  any shape  any color  universally known
Arrow	points  can be shot out of a bow  gives direction  aerodynamic 
Arrow	used to hunt animals  used in the past in war  arrowheads  people collect these  
Arrow	weapon  shot from a bow  used by archers  direction indicator  pointer
Arrow	sharp  device for shooting things  kills stuff
Arrow	Something you use to point with or show direction  a thing or object
Arrow	shows where something is
Arrow	north  south  east  west
Arrow	is sharp  is pointed
Arrow	Computer's mouse  hunting  traffic sign
Arrow	Sharp  hurtful
Arrow	a symbol that gives direction
Arrow	Head  point  pointing in a certain direction  one-way signs  other directional signs  deadly weapon  bow  poison tips  Indians
Arrow	it is mean the goal that we are looking for it.
Arrow	north  south east  or west  many different directions
Arrow	use for hunting  used to kill animal  used to give direction to something  one pointed end and on straight end  draw attention to an area
Arrow	straight  lethal  feathers  arrowhead  hunting
Arrow	Robin Hood and the merrimen  Straight  Native Americans  school mascots like the indians  made with a straight part with a hard  sharp point on one end and feathers or feather-like structures on the other  used for a very long time by hunters  even today  needs a bow
Arrow	indians  bow  barbaric  inhumane 
Arrow	Again 
Arrow	shows direction  points
Arrow	Directions  point  
Arrow	up  down  left  right
Arrow	Sharp  weapon  used to kill or injure animals. For hunting. Native Americans. Also used to suggest direction (left  right  up  down).
Arrow	hard  bow  straight  shoot  weapon  robin hood
Arrow	bow  hunting  indians  arrowheads  ditches
Arrow	pointed object  usually telling you to go a certain way  can be an object used for hunting (a bow and arrow)
Arrow	sharp  robin hood  bow  medieval  long range  feather 
Arrow	a pointer  you may shoot this  shows direction
Arrow	bow and arrow  dangerous  pointy edge  directing your attention to something  follow the arrows  lead  direction.
Arrow	is used to point from one object to another is used in hunting  is made of wood  has a sharp point at the end
Arrow	Piece Arrow Theater  Indians  awesome
Arrow	weapon fired from a bow  has a stone or metal head  wooden or metal shaft  and some sort of fletching (usually feathers)  can be used to hunt or for battle  takes some skill to use accurately
Arrow	is a symbol that points in a certain direction  can show something important  can lead
Arrow	pointing in a certain direction
Arrow	found in computers  on roads  and in archery  can be dangerous  used for pointing directions
Arrow	indians  arrow head stadium  Broken Arrow in Oklahoma  arrows are lucky  finding rocks that are naturally shaped arrows  road signs have arrows  can be helpful on maps or in written directions
Arrow	Bow and arrow. a line with a point at the end. could point to something or in the general direction of something. leading the way to a certian place. 
Arrow	up or down  indians  poison tip  direction
Arrow	bow  guidance  indians  target  pointing  sharp  animals  head  tip
Arrow	can be used for hunting  used by Indians  sharp narrow end  around Valentines Day is known to be associated with cupid
Arrow	weapon  attaches to a bow  used to shoot a target  relates to cupid  wood and feathers  hunting 
Arrow	is used to shoot with a bow  is sharp  has flags  flies through the air after being shot  is long  is thin  is a weapon  is used outdoors  is used to point to something  is used to guide direction
Arrow	Bow  sharp  feathers  Robin Hood  quiver  release  to fletch  hunting
Arrow	City  sign
Arrow	something used to kill  was used in history and today in hunting  had a triangular arrowhead on the tip  shot with a bow  usuallly made of wood or sometimes metal  
Arrow	Is straight  Points in a directions  used for hunting 
Arrow	used to shoot  used with a bow  it is sharp  can be made from rock  used to hunt  used in sport  used to point to different things  used to select things on computers
Arrow	weapon  used with a bow  sharp  can be poisoned  indians used  arrowheads found in farm fields where native people used to live  one of first weapons ever mad ewith rocks  kill things like animals  otehr early civilizations used  hard to shoot 
Arrow	a long thin weapon  used with a bow  used for hunting  was the weapon of choice before guns were invented
Arrow	used for hunting  sharp  moves fast  kills animals  used in crossbow  compact bow  hurts if poked  long arrows  short arrows  different arrow tips
Arrow	Bow and arrow  points you in a direction
Arrow	weapon  helps with direction  Robin Hood  Native Americans  hunting and gathering  Pocahontas  
Arrow	straight  archary
Arrow	Bow  The Legend of Zelda  target  precision  accurate
Arrow	something that points in a direction or a weapon
Arrow	weapon  used to kill or hunt  dangerous
Arrow	bow  indians  spear  
Arrow	pointed  is sharp  is used for shooting with a bow  can be very dangerous  somewhat similar to a gun  is long. 
Arrow	used with a bow  in a straight line  has a point  associated with cupid
Arrow	a shape pointing somewhere  frequently on signs  shows us directions  shows us where to go
Arrow	sign  arrow head  pointing
Arrow	Deer hunting.  Bows and arrowheads.
Arrow	pointed  long  shot by bow  indians
Arrow	Used by Indians to catch and kill food to eat  can show a direction for a specific place.
Arrow	indians  arrowheads
Arrow	is a weapon - has a sharp point at one end  which is used to penetrate an animal/person and cause injury  shot by a bow  has been used for centuries  is perhaps a little outdated now. is an everyday symbol - used in traffic lights  shows direction  points toward something.
Arrow	Pointy  used in archery  sometimes used as a weapon  used to point things out
Arrow	is an instrument used in a bow
Bathroom	A body rub. Working of hands into the body to relieve aches and pains. Relaxing. 
Bathroom	rubbing  relaxing muscles  recovery
Bathroom	where one gets ready in the morning  shower  toilet  public bathrooms aren't clean  where one relieves themselves
Bathroom	dirty  private  shower  clean  toilet  sink  water  cleaner  
Bathroom	smelly  boys  clean  cleaning sprays  shampoo  soap  shaver  getting ready  citrus  mirror  morning time.
Bathroom	A place you go to    release    waste. Hopefully clean. Contains stalls  toilets and sinks. Probably has mirrors and paper goods.
Bathroom	Shower
Bathroom	a room in a house  typically contains a toliet and sink  can contain either a shower or tub  can contain both a shower and tub  used for cleanliness  a smaller room in comparison to the kitchen  bedrooms  etc.  visited more than once a day  used for freshening up  if in a public place each gender has their own bathroom  if left uncleaned smells experienced in this location is quite unpleasant
Bathroom	where you wash  where you excrete bodily fluids  has a toilet  a sink  shower  towels  soap 
Bathroom	place you shower  place you empty your bowels  place you wash your hands  place you wash your face  place you brush your teeth  has a sink  has a bathtub has a shower  has a toilet  has a trashcan
Bathroom	has a bathtub  has a sink  has a toilet  has a shower  used for cleansing  has soap  has shampoo
Bathroom	dirty  toilet  shower  sink  toothbrush  toothpaste  fix your hair  clean up  go to the bathroom  public restrooms and private ones  in your home  at the store
Bathroom	Toilet  sink  bath  shower  brushing your teeth  plunge
Bathroom	where you go to relase toxins and relaz
Bathroom	is hopefully clean  but sometimes smelly  has a toilet  has a sink and a mirror  has a bathtub or a shower  has tile floor
Bathroom	is needed  has a toilet  has a sink  is usually tiled
Bathroom	Shower  urinate  wash  brushing teeth  using mirror  refreshing
Bathroom	Clean  toilet  trashcan  shower  poop  pee  drunk friends
Bathroom	restroom  the room in the house where people take baths and use the toilet
Bathroom	Has toilets  a shower  a sink  communal bathrooms have multiples  are not very personal  are much better in Europe  are noisy no matter what  stink eventually  are needed in society  cost money to use a public restroom in Europe  are called by different names around the world
Bathroom	the place the we can do our rest. 
Bathroom	place where you release your bodily fluids and waste  place where you can shower  brush your teeth  take a bath  toilet  sink  shower bath  toothbrush  hairbrush  make-up blow dryer curling iron
Bathroom	restroom  used in privacy  place to prepare oneself for the day  shower  toilet  sink  many location  presummed to be a necessity in public places in USA
Bathroom	sink  bathtub  shower  toilet  private
Bathroom	used for privacy  sometimes relaxation  smells vary: perfumey to stinky
Bathroom	dirty  shared  toilet  sink  
Bathroom	Relaxation 
Bathroom	showers are taken here  toilets are located here  where you brush your teeth and wash your hands  place where you take care of your personal hygiene  generally known as a room where you have much privacy
Bathroom	Shower  sink  toilet  germs  water    
Bathroom	toilet  shower  unlcean  gross  hair 
Bathroom	A place to take care of bodily functions. Contains a toilet  sink  mirror  sometimes a shower. Toilet paper. Located in most homes  businesses  buildings  etc. Used daily.
Bathroom	pee  poop  toilet  sink  bathtub  boy  girl  changing table  small  white walls  soap  towels  a room  washbasin  lavatory
Bathroom	shower  bath  soap  "going to the bathroom" smelly  nasty  clean  germs
Bathroom	the place where people use the restroom or bathe
Bathroom	sometimes dirty  usually smelly  very convenient  quite a blessing  usually blue  rarely has carpet instead of carpet  breeding ground for germs
Bathroom	a place in a house  can produce weird smells  people usually incorporate a toilet  shower and sink in the room.
Bathroom	toilet  sink  water  towel  shower  shampoo  conditioner  shower gel   shave  mirror  go to the bathroom  pee  poop  wash face  brush teeth  floss  mouthwash.
Bathroom	has a toilet  has a sink  has a shower  has a bathtub  is within a building  has towels  has soap  has toilet paper
Bathroom	dirty  smelly  boys  gross
Bathroom	a room in a house or building where people go to excrete waste or take care of personal hygiene with a bath  shower  or brushing their teeth
Bathroom	is a place  shower  bathtub  toilet  towels  sink  soap  shampoo  its used multiple times a day  can be smelly  can be dirty  clean  bright  
Bathroom	a place where you get ready
Bathroom	contains sink  toilets  showers  and bathtubs  people get ready in  people shower in  contains tile  can be clean or dirty  contains tile
Bathroom	smelly  dirty  where you clean yourself  where you relieve yourself  light a match after using the bathroom  
Bathroom	Place where people go to do their "business." Normally not the most pleasant smelling areas  nor the most clean. However  womens tends to be more clean than mens. Looked at as a place of privacy. Everyone has to have their own space in the bathroom.
Bathroom	shit  smell  clean  toilet paper  public or private  toilet
Bathroom	toilet  break  shower  sink  #1  #2  flushing  water flowing  hygiene  clean  paper
Bathroom	a place where you go to shower  wash your hands  usually contains a toilet and a sink  found in houses and most public places 
Bathroom	room  hygiene station  place to clean up and get ready
Bathroom	has a shower or bathtub  has a sink  has a toilet  has tiled flooring  used multiple times a day by everyone  is in both residential and commercial buildings  used to relieve oneself  used to clean hands  has towels or hand dryers  has soap  can have a rug  can have shampoo and shower items  has a mirror  has toilet paper  has a trash can  can have a medicine cabinet
Bathroom	toilets  sinks  shower  towels  soap  toilet-paper  plunger  excrement
Bathroom	Restaurants  comfort
Bathroom	where you relieve yourself  contains a toilet and a sink and sometimes a bathtub/shower depending on location  in all houses and in practically all buildings  
Bathroom	Has a toilet  Has a sink  Has a shower  Has a bathtub  Has a mirror
Bathroom	room  has a toilet  bath tub  sink  shower  often has tile floors  used for personal hygiene
Bathroom	dirty  where you pee and pop and throw up  should be cleaned often  where you brush your teeth and wash your hands  has a mirror  has plumbing  smells  are in public areas  are necessary
Bathroom	a room in a building that is designated for the expulsion of bodily waste  typically consists of a toilet and a sink  in a home it may also have a bathtub or shower  can consist of many stalls for multiple people use or just one for single use  in public places there are often gender specific bathrooms
Bathroom	place to use the restroom  shower  brush teeth  wash face  shave  cut hair  pipes  water  air vent
Bathroom	Toliet  toliet tissue  sink  soap  rest room
Bathroom	poop  contains: a shower/bathtub  toilet  curtains  windows  sink  
Bathroom	sex  poop  pee  shower
Bathroom	toilet  hygiene  nasty
Bathroom	a room where their is a toilet and most of the time a shower or bath to cleanse yourself
Bathroom	A place to relief yourself  
Bathroom	toliet  shower  sink  hygiene  tile  going to the bathroom  
Bathroom	a place where you release bowels  has toilets  sinks  sometimes bathtubs or showers  use toilet paper  where you go to do your business. 
Bathroom	has a toilet  has a sink  has a shower  found in homes  found in restaraunts  found in offices  can be portable
Bathroom	is a room  located in houses  buildings  and stores  includes toilets  sinks  and showers  used to clean yourself up or get ready
Bathroom	toilet  shower  toiletries  sink 
Bathroom	Bubble baths.  Roses  candles  romantic music.
Bathroom	walls  toilet  bath tub  shower  sink  mirror  tile
Bathroom	Where people go to urinate and dispose of their feces  shower  and do personal care.
Bathroom	stinky  unclean
Bathroom	is in houses and most public places  should be cleaned often  includes a toilet  a sink  and sometimes a shower or tub  is a private room.
Bathroom	dirty  cold  loud  crowded
Bathroom	found in homes  motels/hotels resorts  are used by people  can have toliets  showers  bathtubs and sinks. People use to  get ready for the day.
Beat	not smooth  not gentle  course  gritty.
Beat	not smooth  jagged  bumpy  hard  difficult
Beat	a steady noise  made by drums  used in music
Beat	win  game  pound  sportsmanship soccer  happy  enjoyablem trophies  prizes
Beat	fight  beating eggs  tired  won a race  winning  lost.
Beat	A section of time. Musically  a section of time filled by a note or a rest.
Beat	winning 
Beat	a physical action against an indivdual  can help depict rhythm  used as a song title  not a material object  an action
Beat	A musical rhythm  also can be defined as a violent act  or a way to mix eggs
Beat	music  box  fast  slow 
Beat	drums  rhythm  dance  tempo  fight
Beat	drum beat  to beat someone physically  or to win a race  music
Beat	Abuse  roughness or being exhausted and worn out  also losing against an opponent
Beat	rhythym
Beat	music  fast  slow
Beat	is losing
Beat	Challenge  battle  game  hit
Beat	Father  abuse  tired
Beat	it could be musical or to hit something
Beat	Keeps rhythm  to win over someone else  Beat It by Michael Jackson  violence
Beat	to lose 
Beat	drum  heart beat  beat someone at a task  beat someone down  make them not feel good about themselves  beat someone up
Beat	defeat  bruise  batter  punch  mixing of eggs 
Beat	whip  agitate
Beat	what would happen if you lost a fight or game  etremely tired  what you do to a rug  gives bad feelings: anger  despair  helplessness
Beat	drums  domestic abuse  violence  lack of self-control
Beat	successful
Beat	found in music  action of attacking or hitting someone
Beat	Pain  loss  sadness   
Beat	hit  hurt  ouch  somebody hurting you  beating eggs  scrambled  
Beat	Can refer to musical rhythm - "staying on beat." An action  "beating a drum." Or winning a game  or winning against someone - "I beat you  We beat the other team." To hit or pound - "I beat the rug clean."
Beat	song  music  hit  abuse  strike  punch  blood  blow  finish line  surpass
Beat	music  bands  drums  bruises
Beat	used in music to describe the tempo; ie four beats per measure
Beat	a musical term  to physically harm someone or something  a rough part of a town  to gain victory or overcome something  to win
Beat	tired  exhausted
Beat	drum  rhythm  music artists  consistent  bass  scales  notes  to beat someone at something.
Beat	is steady  can be heard  felt  or seen  comes from an object keeping steady repetition
Beat	abuse  kill  murder  sad  children  wives  husbands
Beat	tempo of music  counts that have emphasis in music  usually steady but can change for a different style  usually brought out by tapping foot 
Beat	is a rhythm  can be made with or without instruments  can be made from a drum set  a tapping foot  a keyboard   
Beat	getting beat in a sports game 
Beat	often ascociated with music  can be ascociated with cooking  ascociated with fighting
Beat	a vegetable  purple  a musical term  can be soft or hard  some people are on beat  while other people are off beat  tempo
Beat	The beat of the music or the beat of a drum  or could be a vegetable. Could be beating someone at something so winning or actually beating someone up like physically hurting them. Beating eggs. 
Beat	music  boom  famous  style
Beat	box  bobbing your head  constant  sounds  drums  step-children  abusive parents
Beat	the opposite of losing  can be aggressive in the case of abuse  can also be referred to while listening to music
Beat	the rate at which music is played  walking the beat (police)  to be beaten (hit  hurt)  to hit a drum  
Beat	is a component of music  sounds loud  grabs one's attention  keeps rhythm in a song
Beat	Music  Rhythm  exhaustion  to hit  vegetable  healthy  used in salads
Beat	Win  happiness 
Beat	abuse  can be hitting  sometimes causes bruises 
Beat	Is something in music  Makes people want to dance  
Beat	the tempo of a song  it can be fast or slow  can have words along with it
Beat	sound  what you follow when you dance  make songs interesting  to hurt somone  usually when yo\u ounch or kick  to win a game  have to do to meat to tenderize it
Beat	the rhythm on which music is based  typically remains constant throughout a song  in contemporary music it is played by the drummer
Beat	music  football  fights  sport  winning
Beat	A song  drums  bass  a vegetable
Beat	music  hurting someone  rhythm  
Beat	masturbate  michael jackson  sports
Beat	win  crush  dominate  overpower
Beat	to physically harm someone.
Beat	to physically hurt something  a steady rhythm 
Beat	music  hitting  bruise  
Beat	to hit something  or to hurt someone  to strike  to knock  to pound repeatedly  to overcome  to defeat  to do better than  to outdo  or to excel.
Beat	drum  rhythm  music
Beat	the sound music gives out  the sound that catches a persons attention in a song
Beat	win  beat down  competition
Beat	Music.  Concerts and good times with good friends  rocking out.
Beat	music  noise  rythym
Beat	In music the steady background noise can be fast or slow  used to describe the motion of stirring eggs or mix.
Beat	tired  defeated  unhappy
Beat	is the driving tempo in music  shows where certain notes will fall in a measure in a piece of music  is what people tap their foot to.
Beat	tired  exhuasted  wornout  musical  rythm
Beat	a way to measure music  tempo speed  a way a person plays a drum
Bitch	set guidelines that should be followed. instructions  expectations.
Bitch	guidelines  limitations  set standards  at home  at school  at social areas  
Bitch	a female dog  a sorority girl  a girl with an ego bigger then life  thinks highly of oneself and lowly of others
Bitch	dog  gegrading  woman  bad word  dirty mouth  people
Bitch	mean  girls  horrible  awful  dog  not fun to be with  mean girls movie  high school.
Bitch	A female dog  or a woman that someone is not fond of.
Bitch	mean 
Bitch	a female dog (typically one that had a litter of puppies) a swear word used to describe an individual (typically a female) who possesses undesirable traits  not specific to race
Bitch	a female dog  derogatory statement  someone you don't like or approve of  slang  insult
Bitch	used by some to describe women who are mean or complain alot  female dog
Bitch	female dog  hateful female  complaint  
Bitch	female dog  a mean lady  stuck up  know it all  goody two shoes
Bitch	A name people use to call others that seem rude or unfriendly  often used in a heated moment or setting
Bitch	someone you want to slap because you can't stand them
Bitch	a female dog  has puppies  runs  jumps  playful  teethes  waddles  has fur  barks  whines
Bitch	is a female dog  is a very agravating person
Bitch	Bad girl
Bitch	Sisters  friends
Bitch	female dog or a person that you don't like
Bitch	A term used to degrade another person  a female dog  someone belonging to a pimp
Bitch	the girl who sell her body to the people by money or just to having fun.
Bitch	female dog  used to describe a person who is not very nice  harmful word towards others  not a good sign if you are called a bitch
Bitch	female dog  slang for a rude women  someone who is unkind  someone who is unworthy  someone with few friends 
Bitch	unpleasant  female dog
Bitch	a female dog  really mean girls  used by mean girls
Bitch	teenagers  fake  needs to impress people 
Bitch	Girls
Bitch	female dog  very mean girl/person
Bitch	Bad person  dog  unfriendly  
Bitch	negative  female dog  dislike  hurtful
Bitch	is a slang term used by our society to refer to an abnoxious  dramatic  crude or mean girl. Negative connotation. Also refers to someone who may act as your servant  or do whatever you say "He's my bitch." Female dog. 
Bitch	girl  dog  foul language  bad word  female  unpleasant  selfish person  slang  complaint  slave
Bitch	not nice  female dog  grouchy  "bad word"  PMS
Bitch	a female dog
Bitch	mother dog  used as a derogatory term for someone who offends or wrongs you  vulgar language  a swear word  used far too much and unnecessarily  
Bitch	a female dog
Bitch	female dog  someone people do not like  hatred attitude towards others  selfish  one that does all the work for you  girl.
Bitch	is an animal  is a female dog  is a negative term  used to describe a human female which the speaker has negative thoughts or feelings about
Bitch	Zack  Caitlin  Awesome people  humourous  complains a lot  whiney  honest  blunt  female dogs  me
Bitch	Scientific terms: a female canid such as a wolf  dog  or fox Slang terms: a swear word used to describe a girl with unpleasant qualities such as selfishness  being stuck-up  or just an all-around bad person
Bitch	is a girl that isn't nice  is a mean person  is rude  is snooty  
Bitch	someone who is acting rude and inappropriate
Bitch	female dog  mean girl  nasty  hateful  not a friendly person
Bitch	female dog  mean girls  someone who only cares about themselves and not others  high school girls  mean old ladies who don't like children
Bitch	Female dog or inproper saying for frusrating/annoying people. Normally rude people that are very selfish or two people that have previous conflicts.
Bitch	sassy  rude  girl  all that  mean girls  lindsay lohan  attitude
Bitch	female dog  mean person  jerk  cuss word  derogatory  not mature  sometimes true
Bitch	a female dog  a rich snobby girl  stereotypically a blonde headed girl  usually mean and think they know everything
Bitch	curse word  female dog  derogatory statement
Bitch	is a female dog  is a derogatory term for a woman  is a common word  can be used in a nonchalant way  used by both men and women  sounds hurtful
Bitch	female dog  in heat  fur  barks
Bitch	Stripper  sex
Bitch	female dog  name used to be rude to people
Bitch	Is a person who is rude  Complaining
Bitch	female dog  bad word  used to describe someone not nice  normally female  male that acts like a female
Bitch	mean girl  female dog  derogatory word  used in girl fights  adjective  kind of over used
Bitch	a female dog or a word used to describe a person whose personality is abrasive  someone who is particularly moody  rude or mean  typically a word that is considered offensive and has negative connotations
Bitch	girl dog  mean woman  disrespectful word  rude  ruthless  aggrivated
Bitch	A pregnant female dog  a word that down grades women  a cuss word  profanity
Bitch	female dog  girls who are mean
Bitch	yo momma  slampiece  girlfriend  sandwich-maker  dog
Bitch	slampiece
Bitch	a mean word to call a girl  a female dog
Bitch	Female dog  woman who is crude or excessively naggy
Bitch	female dog  nasty woman  mean woman
Bitch	a female dog  a vulgar term  a bad name to call someone  judgement towards someone  derogatory statement  a complaint  whining to someone  or disagreeable term.
Bitch	profanity  a female dog  used to hurt people's feelings
Bitch	a rude or mean person  someone that not many people like  someone who has no compassion towards others
Bitch	female dog  annoying women
Bitch	A female dog.
Bitch	mean person
Bitch	Girl dog  also slang used today for girls who show a lot of attitude or do something offending.
Bitch	a mouthy woman  a female dog
Bitch	is a female dog. is a slang term for a woman  showing that she is rude or disliked  is a "cuss word " is an insult.
Bitch	rude  mean  nasty  hurtful  a woman  a female dog
Bitch	a female dog 
Brain	Matter that makes up all living things. Eukaryotic  Prokaryotic  pant and animal. Mitochondria  nucleus  cell wall  chlorplasts. Slang for a mobile phone. 
Brain	what all things are made of  all living things have a lot  a container  confinement  protection
Brain	storage of ideas  located in head  Processing center  fragile
Brain	pinky  much needed  right side  left side  head  information  slimy  cramming  full  feelings  funky looking
Brain	Smart  wiz kid  ACT  dumb  pink  doctors  anatomy  blood  wise  common sense  advil.
Brain	The command center for the body. Gray. Contains many nerves. Gives and receives information. A short cartoon rat whose genes have been spliced; a genius.
Brain	Wired System 
Brain	located inside the skull of a majority of organisms  controls bodily fuctions  has grey matter  composed of several sections or parts  used to describe a highly educated person  used to analyze information  studied heavily in psychology  determines emotions  behaviors  motors skills  sensory skills
Brain	the control centre  sends messages  receives messages  gives personality  creates emotion  is the driving force behind everything we do
Brain	organ in head  squishy  made up of many parts  connected to spinal cord  controls our thoughts and movements of body
Brain	organ of though  CPU  PCM
Brain	squishy  brain stem  hearing  seeing  taste  smell  touch  looks old  intelligence
Brain	inside of your head  everyone has it  responsible for your memory  personality  intelligence  allows people to think  it is a pink color  vital in surviving 
Brain	something needed in order to function 
Brain	is squishy  has power  important  thinks  does  complicated
Brain	is in your skull  has many different parts  is what makes us move  is what makes us feel
Brain	Human  thinking  smart  stupid  anatomy
Brain	Grey matter  complex  interesting  smart  fragile
Brain	The part of your body that controls your nervous system and everything else
Brain	Resides in your head  is very complex  made of many different parts  has four sections  controls the rest of your body  every animal has one  sits in a fluid sac  runs on electrical impulses  is a very interesting thing to study  is a grey-ish pink color  only use about 15% or so with our functions  release different neurotransmitters  is a mystery to science
Brain	the thing that we can get information and now the good time to make decisions. 
Brain	most important organ in your body  many complex structures  allows you to think  read  write  walk  talk  run  do any type of movement  2 hemispheres  without your brain functioning normally you would be considered brain dead.
Brain	complex  integration on body  composed of hemisphers and lobes  sends out messages  contains neurons  connects to spinal cord  within central nervous system  millions or neurons  synapses occur within the brain  
Brain	grey matter  thought  processes  synapses  electrical impulsed  smart person 
Brain	squishy gray matter  growth  maturity  critical thinking  specific parts and regions  can be damaged  damage can be irreversible  but sometimes other parts can compensate  determines intelligence
Brain	psychology  interesting  complex  important  
Brain	Think
Brain	organ  located in the head  found in all animals  one of the most important organs in your body  allows you to think  move  sleep  responsible for all functions
Brain	Smart  lobes  body part  organ    
Brain	gross  gooey  pink  smart  cognitive
Brain	is a major organ in the human body. Information and control center.Vital to our existence. Processes new information  stores memories  controls body functions  controls emotions  the conscious and unconscious. Protect by the skull.
Brain	psychology  round  skeleton  smart  slimy  sense  skull
Brain	smart  study  dead  thoughts  dreams
Brain	an object found in one's body  the function of mainly everything people do
Brain	the center of thoughts  control center for body  a mutated lab mouse who tries to take over the world  main food choice of zombies  served as a delicacy in other countries
Brain	A part of the body that controls everything  it is made up of different parts such as the frontal lobe  it is wrinkly  we use it to think and to functional all parts of the body 
Brain	stem  central core  thalamus  hypoythalamus  Central nervous system  limbic system  sympathetic and parasympathetic response  smart  thinking  cognitive  behavioral  split-brain cases.
Brain	is found in the head  is present in animals  is used for thinking  is part of the Central Nervous System  contains many neurons  has two hemispheres  has four lobes 
Brain	head  come  zombie  death  split brain  JFK  cancer  
Brain	Source of thought and interprets senses  the human mind is contained here
Brain	is powerful  manages the entire body  central nervous system  peripheral nervous system  amygdala  frontal  parietal  occipital  and temporal lobes  controls movements  thought  speech  feelings  emotions  
Brain	makes you think and concentrate on things
Brain	very important to the human body  how people think  bodies mind  controls the entire body  has four lobes  distinct oval like shape
Brain	organ in your head  very complicated  mushy  pink  once damaged it is hard to undo  thinking abilities come from the brain  humans cannot function without a brain
Brain	The reason that people are functioning. Without a brain we wouldn't be alive. Small in size  round-ish  very fragile  pink-ish in color. Has the ability to repair it self in some circomstances.
Brain	smart  brain stem  occipital lobe  Jimmy neutron  pink
Brain	knowledge  wisdom  center of information  head  nerd  books  organ
Brain	another word for cognitive  contains lobes  is the main source for allowing a person and animal to think  located in the head  soft tissue
Brain	the organ  a brain; such as computer  brain-trust
Brain	is part of the Central Nervous System  has a cerebral cortex  has lobes  is the main information processing center of the body  is protected by meninges and the skull  looks intricate  looks slimy  uses neural signals to perform tasks or perceive things  has gray matter  has white matter
Brain	Zombies  head  thoughts  Processing plant  Electricity  intelligence
Brain	Thinking  smart  understanding  Decisions 
Brain	in the head  in humans and animals  source of thinking and performing  organ  muscle  pink  soft  
Brain	Is inside your skull  Helps control your body functions  Helps make desisions
Brain	in charge of our functions  whether it is voluntary or involuntary  source of memory  sensory  our senses
Brain	wrinkly  helps you think  thalamus  medula  pituitary gland  left and right hemispheres  in your head  protected by skull  cerebral cortex  attached to brain stem/ spinal cord  occipital lobe  frontal lobe  etc lobes...
Brain	the organ found inside of the skull  regulates all the body's processes and actions  can repair or reorganize itself  where emotions and memories are housed  the center of the nervous system  made of various parts: the brain stem  the limbic system  the cerebral cortex
Brain	well-developed  stores memory  stores knowledge  used in everyday life  left side controls right side of body and vise versa
Brain	Smarts  helps you think  located in the head  protected by the skull
Brain	psychology  thinking  brain-freeze  
Brain	in your head  controls everything
Brain	Head  Smart
Brain	the control center of your body  where all of your thoughts and actions are. 
Brain	Used to think  controls bodily functions  evolved from the base up
Brain	thinking  muscle  two hemispheres  frontal lobe  brain stem  
Brain	what you think with  helps bodies function  located in the head  located under the skull  has many parts  is pinkish colored  has a lot of nerve fibers  gives everyday thoughts  helps with everyday movements  and gives us knowledge and memories.
Brain	used in thinking  studied in psychology  studied in biology
Brain	a part of the body  located in your head  where all of your knowlede is stored  the most important part of a persons body  has many smaller parts included
Brain	think  smart  quick  association
Brain	Intelligence and complex.  
Brain	in your head  thinking
Brain	Located inside your head  full of neurons and parts that control your every feeling thought  movement.
Brain	lobes  gooey
Brain	is an organ  is two hemispheres  is essential for living  houses thoughts and processes  sends information  is located in the head  is in every animal/human  has plasticity  is delicate.
Brain	the thing in our head  used to function  think  stores emotions  neurons
Brain	vital importance to survivall  small but powerful  memories  operational system  feed it your brain  
Breakfast	Flooring  cold  hard  square  found in kitchens  bathrooms  and many public buildings. 
Breakfast	a square  decorative  floor covering  different material  hard  solid  smooth
Breakfast	first meal  cereal  eggs  bacon  most important meal  morning  coffee  
Breakfast	morning  bacon  eggs  sausage  french toast  pancakes  enjoyable 
Breakfast	pancakes  waffels  coffee  fruit  morning  yummy  salty  sweet  fast  slow  burnt  cereal  milk  juice  not awake  sleepy  full of energy.
Breakfast	The first meal of the day.
Breakfast	bacon and eggs 
Breakfast	meal occuring at the start of the day  most important meal of the day  includes fresh fruits  cereals  toast  eggs  fried potatoes
Breakfast	food  bananas  pancakes  morning meal  toast  cereal  muffins scones  crumpets  eggs  bacon  hash browns
Breakfast	eaten in mornings  eat eggs  bacon  sausage  biscuits  toast  jelly  pancakes  waffles  french toast.
Breakfast	food  morning  most important meal
Breakfast	eggs  pancakes  first mean of the day  waffles  biscuits and gravy  morning  sausage  bacon  french toast
Breakfast	Usually eaten in the morning time  things like eggs  bacon  sausage  waffles  biscuits  most important meal of the day
Breakfast	something small eaten in the morning
Breakfast	most important meal  many varieties  milk and cereal  healthy  not healthy
Breakfast	is a meal in the morning  is at the beginning of your day
Breakfast	Morning  milk  health  egg  bread
Breakfast	Optional
Breakfast	the meal you eat in the morning  pancakes  oatmeal  bacon  eggs
Breakfast	Can be eaten at any point in the day  eggs  buscuits and gravy  waffles  cereal and milk  pancakes  is usually eaten in the morning  varies in size based on your culture
Breakfast	the first meal in our day and the meal that gives us the power for all day.
Breakfast	start your metabolism  eggs  cereal  sausage  fruit  bacon  biscuits  hashbrowns  pancakes  waffles  syrup  milk  juice  this is the first meal of the day  some people make breakfast food for dinner
Breakfast	eating early  composed of cereal  milk  eggs  toast  fried ham  pancakes  waffles  eating by some more than others  important to get through the morning  wounderful arroma  gives people a jump start  coffee is commonly consummed
Breakfast	most important meal  filling 
Breakfast	food  smells like bacon  is a time for family  without it can feel uncomfortable and discontent  can also be fast: a cereal bar for on the go  is often fattening and unhealthy
Breakfast	pancakes  easily skipped  fruit  family  eating out  cross country team 
Breakfast	Start
Breakfast	is a meal  first meal of the day  eaten at the beginning of the day  gives you energy
Breakfast	Food  hunger  morning  eggs  bacon  ham  juice  milk  meal  
Breakfast	eggs  bacon  pancakes  yummy  good for you
Breakfast	First meal of the day. Eaten after you wake up in the morning and before you start the day. Cereal  milk  eggs  bacon  biscuits. pancakes.
Breakfast	food  waffles  milk  cookies  morning  sun  early  pancakes  poptarts  first meal of the day  bacon  eggs  syrup  meal
Breakfast	food  sausage  bacon  eggs  pancakes  milk  orange juice  cereal  oats  nutrition  morning  waking up  coffee
Breakfast	is the meal people usually eat in the morning  can contain eggs  bacon  pancakes  waffles  donuts  etc.
Breakfast	milk and cereal  early in the morning  eggs  italian potatoes  a prep for the day  most important meal of the day supposedly  warm
Breakfast	the first meal of the day  usually eaten in the morning but sometimes people have this for dinner  can be either a small or big event
Breakfast	morning  eggs  pancakes  sausage  orange juice  milk  water  hashbrowns  bacon  most important meal of the day  first meal of the day  waffles  syrup  fruit.
Breakfast	is in the morning  is edible  provides energy  is made from many different food catagories (ex. fruit  vegetable  grain  etc)  is personal choice as to whether one partakes in eating
Breakfast	at tiffany's  eggs  bacon  toast
Breakfast	first meal of the day  in the early morning  can include cereal  eggs  toast  pancakes  starts metabolism  most important meal of day
Breakfast	is a meal  is in the morning  could be eggs  cereal  pancakes  could be hot or cold  eaten in the morning  kickstarts metabolism  morning wake up
Breakfast	morning  jumpstart to day  wake up
Breakfast	first meal of day  eggs  bacon  pancake  waffles  milk  saugage  most importabnt meal of the day
Breakfast	yummy  something you normally eat in the morning but can be eaten all throughout the day  usually consists of food such as cereal  oatmeal  waffles  pancakes  eggs  toast  bagels  fruit  light food
Breakfast	Warm  filling. Most important meal of the day. Yellow and orange are the colors that come to mind. The smell of freshly baked biscuts and gravy  bacon and sausage on the stove. 
Breakfast	morning  coffee  cereal  toaster streudel
Breakfast	bacon  eggs  most important meal of the day  coffee  latte  biscuits  fast food
Breakfast	the first and most important meal to start off your day  usually consists of cereal  eggs  toast  sausage  and bacon  the meal before lunch
Breakfast	a meal  best part of the morning  nutritional
Breakfast	is the first meal of the day  is the most important meal of the day  can involve eggs  can involve sausage or bacon or ham  can involve pancakes or waffles  can involve hash browns or other potatoes  provides energy for the day  smells like cooking food
Breakfast	eggs  bacon  toast  biscuits and gravy  warm  morning  important  is one of three meals
Breakfast	Morning  egg  tea  bread
Breakfast	food eaten at beginning of day  foods such as eggs or bacon or sausage or pancakes or waffles or biscuits  etc. healthy for you  speeds up metabolism if eaten
Breakfast	Is a meal  is early  smells good  tasts sweet  
Breakfast	meal  most important meal of the day  provides nutrients and enegery for the reast of the day  first meal  eat it after waking up
Breakfast	the first and most important mdeal of the day  eggs  toast  waffels  pancakes  baccon  sausage  surup  cereal  milk  delicious  have to have  need more of
Breakfast	a category of food  eaten in the morning as the first meal of the day  the meal most often skipped  considered the most important meal of the day
Breakfast	eggs  bacon  sausage  biscuits and gravy  pancakes  waffles  french toast  hashbrowns  chocolate milk  muffins  banana bread  most important meal of the day  gives you energy  kick starts day  delicious  best when mom makes it.
Breakfast	Most important meal of the day  first meal  eggs  milk  orange juice
Breakfast	omellete  eggs  waffles  water  
Breakfast	is first meal of the day  great food  almost my favorite meal  and is too early for most people to eat.
Breakfast	Brain fuel
Breakfast	the food you eat mostly in the morning
Breakfast	the first meal of the day no matter when it is had since it's meaning is to break the fast you go through at night
Breakfast	eggs  bacon  sasuage  hashbrowns  salsa  pancakes  waffles  ham  omelets  
Breakfast	a meal you eat in the morning  such as pancakes  such as eggs  such as toast  such as bacon  a meal to help jump start the day  and it is the most important meal.
Breakfast	eaten in the morning  favorite meal of the day  most important
Breakfast	a morning meal  food including eggs  pancakes  hashbrowns  sausage  bacon and many more  people eat it
Breakfast	food  eggs  bacon  sausage  potatoes  pancakes  waffle
Breakfast	Eggs  bacon  biscuits and gravy  and milk.  Smells like home and is the most important meal of the day.
Breakfast	after you wake up  eggs  pancakes  milk
Breakfast	First meal of the day  usually small meal.
Breakfast	burger king burritos  pancakes
Breakfast	is the first meal of the day  is skipped more often than not  is mainly eggs  bacon  sausage  pancakes  waffles  cereal  ham  biscuits  gravy.
Breakfast	most important meal of the day  yummy  pancakes  not very healthy  big
Breakfast	first meal of the day  eggs  bacon  food  nutrition  important
Capability	is a person  is an educator  one who bestows knowledge upon others  works in a school or university  some work in many subjects  some work in one specific subject.
Capability	is a person  used in schools  colleges  and other learning facilities. teaches concepts to be used by student or person being taught  teaches  instructs  men or women
Capability	ones potential  ones limits  what somthing can do  
Capability	willing  how to  willing to  push  hardwork
Capability	Not handycap  Capable  able  not restricted  job interview.
Capability	The ability to complete something. A word used to describe how able something or someone is.
Capability	doing something right
Capability	describtion of the ability to deal with a problem or situation
Capability	Adequate knowledge  competent in something  ability to complete a task
Capability	the ability to do a task  
Capability	ability to do  training  resources
Capability	the ability to do something  able
Capability	Having the able to perform  being able
Capability	abilility to
Capability	useful  okay  skills  temperament
Capability	is possible
Capability	Power  talent
Capability	How well you can do something  sports  artwork
Capability	the ability to do something
Capability	Ability to do something  willingness to do something  referenced to disabilities and what those people can/can't do
Capability	the thing that could make someone be able to do some special thing.
Capability	the amount of potential one holds towards doing a certain thing  you are capable of doing anything that you out your mind to
Capability	ability to do something  effort applied  physical and mental
Capability	attribute  talent  strength  ability to do something
Capability	to be able to do something  physically: to be strong  small  tall  smart  feels good to accomplish something  comes from being taught or inheriting certain genes
Capability	ability  skills  can be improved  education  experience 
Capability	Talents
Capability	able to do something  knowing how to do something  can do it
Capability	Can do  will power  
Capability	doing something with your life
Capability	Ability to do something. Power  drive  motivation. Physical limitations. "He is capable of reaching the shelf because of his height."
Capability	capable  able  abilities  potential  develop
Capability	talent  own thoughts  be able to do things
Capability	
Capability	potential  the ability to complete something  hope  expectations
Capability	to connect  an inner feeling  people usually find this quality in someone they know
Capability	the ability to do something  capable  job interview  availability  skills based on a certain field.
Capability	is the ability to complete a task  can be a physical or mental aspect 
Capability	ability to complete a task  competence
Capability	ability to complete a task in a satisfactory manner  physically or mentally fulfills requirements to achieve a goal
Capability	is a measure of ability  is descriptive  means to be useful  explains what can happen
Capability	ability to do something
Capability	what people are able to do  describes people  describes how much people can handle
Capability	how well an individual can accomplish a task  referring to people with disabilities or handicaps  being capable 
Capability	the ability of which one is capable of achieving. Something someone sould strive for. If your capable of this then it is something in your grasp  something you should be able to do. 
Capability	competence  intelligent  ability  driven person
Capability	ability to preform  skills  tasks  jobs  do the job well
Capability	The act of being able to do something  being capable of  knowing how to accomplish something
Capability	what an object is able to do  what a person is able to achieve or do  your potential to preform a task
Capability	is an ability to do something  is used for doing any physical activity
Capability	abilities  limits  knowledge  hiring process
Capability	Doing  making  talent  efficiency
Capability	able to perform  skill  fully functional
Capability	Being able to do something
Capability	what we're good at  the ability to do something  factor about someone
Capability	how well you do something  ability to do something...
Capability	the ablitlty to do something  not the same for every person  is dependant on knowledge and skills  may require training  may be possessed at various levels
Capability	ableness to perform a certain task  backflip  play sports  lift weights  walk  run  stretch  sleep  get good grades  ask for help
Capability	Potential  has the ability too  
Capability	being able to do something  
Capability	i can  you can
Capability	compensate
Capability	the act of being able to do something
Capability	being able to do something
Capability	ability to do something
Capability	power  ability to something  to perform actions correctly  expertise in subjects  and being capable to do something.
Capability	ability to do something
Capability	the ability you have to do something  how much you can actually do
Capability	anything  nothing is out of reach
Capability	Ability to do something.  Willingness to do something and being able to finish a task.
Capability	able to do things  mobile
Capability	quality of being capable intellectually or physically
Capability	being able to 
Capability	a person's ability  most people either consider themselves or would like to consider themselves capable.
Capability	what someone can do
Capability	is what capacity something can exist
China	A skin blemish  a red  puss-filled bump on the body  gross  undesirable  painful  people use cover-up to hide them  pubescent teens get them frequently  medication can help prevent them.
China	Acne  bump on face filled with puss  caused from pores being clogged  appears during puberty  a skin problem  requires treatment such as popping or medicine
China	walmart  culture  lends money to U.S.  communism  cheap labor  mass production of goods
China	A large country  only 2 children  smaller people  communism  dictators  scary  olympics  laws  regulations  strict  chinese food  overpopulated  asia  oriental  clothing  manufacturing everything  lead paint  big 
China	Bikes  chinese food  fortune cookies  smiling faces  a lot of people  far away  china doll  china dishes.
China	A country. Communist. Overpopulated. Asian. Intelligent. filled with people who are good at everything.
China	Fireworks 
China	Country in East Asia  home to Great Wall  recognized as being overly crowded  extremely powerful and influential  large in size
China	Next to japan  korea  mongolia and russia  big country  lots of people  make things  large businesses usually roduce things there
China	country in asia  produces many goods cheaply  overpopulated  one of largest countries in the world  rice.
China	foreign nation  debtor of the US government  
China	short people  lots of things are made in China  orphanages  the Great Wall  chinese language  different culture
China	Chinese food  exchange students coming to America  in Asia  large country
China	a very largely populated country where most of the United States products come from.
China	a country  large  communist  in asia
China	is a country  is huge  has lots of people
China	Asia  products  electronic devices
China	Country  type of plate
China	A country in Asia
China	Fine china  nice silverwear  the country  communism  Mongolians  has the largest population in the world  is extremely polluted  speaks Chinese  writes in characters  have different dialects
China	one of the developed countries around the world 
China	large country  mass population  flag black yellow and red  chinese people  tall buildings
China	large country  contains many people  eastern asia  growing industry  supplies other countries  mainly dependent country
China	large population  communist  ancient society  producer of goods  possesor of a majority of America's debt
China	big  different  very structured  feels old and new  tastes delicious  culture shock  used to provide tons of products in the United States  it is a different country  limitations in population
China	crowded  asian  communist  taking over the world  smart  work too much  care too much about money
China	Population
China	is a country  located in Asia  very large  extremely crowded  has a large population  speaks Chinese  known to have very smart people
China	Clouded  big  country  technology    
China	chinese food  great wall  rice  asian
China	largest country in Asia  red and yellow flag. Rice  silk  spices. Dark hair  small eyes. Poverty  communism. Intense education. Place where most of our products are made. Growing in power.
China	country  Asians  smart people  too many kids  cups  plants  cabinet  figurines  ceramic  porcelain
China	country  down under  chinese  over populated  great wall  dogs  cats
China	a country in Asia
China	Far away  east part of the world  martial arts  anime  cartoons  very smart people  very crowded  chopsticks  fortune cookies  a different culture and language  technology
China	a country in Asia  a place where the asian culture is expressed  people there eat with chopsticks and eat lost of rice
China	made in China  chinese food  orange chicken  panda express  news  Asia  Japan  Korea  Taiwan.
China	is a country  is in asia  is a communist country  is in the eastern hemisphere  is a trade partner with the USA
China	communists  going to take over America  need to learn to speak their language  move to China  become assimilated
China	Country in eastern Asia  large population  makes practically every consumer product in the U.S.  has unique wildlife  has one of the seven wonders of the world  food is very popular in the U.S.
China	is a country  is in Asia  is communist  is densely populated  is a large place for industry
China	country  expensive dinnerware
China	is a country  Asian country  far from the Uniited States  communist  people speak a different language  Chinese restuarants
China	chinees language  people with squinty eyes  foreign  short  dark-haired  communists  scary  huge population  other side of the world  continent  wal-mart 
China	chinese food  chip sticks  is a country in asia  very large and over populated  much more advanced in math  the color red.
China	smart  violin  good grades  slit eyes  hello kitty
China	asians  rice  agriculture  plates  Great Wall  panda  Tokyo
China	a fancy type of dish  located in central Asia  one of the most powerful countries in the world  white ornaments  can be found in tableware and utensils
China	The country  the dish/porcelain
China	is a nation  is in Asia  is very large  is overpopulated  is the site of production for a large portion of trade goods  is known for rice  is known for being socialist or Communist  has the Great Wall of China  is known for strict rules on number of children in a family
China	Large  nation  Asia  overpopulation  bikes  farming  rice  communism
China	Country  Asia  cheap  unoriginal  populations  food
China	country  large population  mainly oriental people live there  grows rice  very agriculture related
China	Is a Country  Is over populated 
China	a country  plate sets  delicate  easily breakable  normally has different patterns  glass or ceramics  shiny
China	the great wall of____  hugely populated country  short people  "bad " drivers  communist  poor china  is a country  where Mulan took place  
China	is a country in Asia  has a long coast line  the most populated country in the world  economic power house  is also a term for dishes  is put of bridal registries
China	biggest poppulation  most products are made  cheap labor  great job opportunities  ride bikes  rarely drive cars  most people walk  take shoes off before entering house
China	A country  billions of people lives here  makes a lot of good things that we use in America
China	country in Asia  has a very large population  a lot of products are exported from China
China	is a country  is in asia  has squinty eyed people  good food  lots of people  communist.
China	communism  big
China	A country in Asia that is very large. Most things americans use is from there.
China	Is a country in Asia  has the largest population  Currently mass building military supplies and weapons
China	big country  biggest population  communists  asia  
China	A country  makes a lot of goods  ships goods to the United States  located in the continent of Asia  in Eastern Asia  has a big population  and is oriental.
China	a country  has lots of people  rich culture  learned about in history classes
China	is a country  where chinese is the main language  is on the continent of asia
China	communist  big population  small spaces
China	Crowded  smelly  and complex.  Masses of people and food markets that stink.
China	country  smart people
China	Large Continent with a very large population  very structured and strict  produces most of Americas products.
China	nice dishes  asians  bamboo  panda bears
China	is a country  is large  is in Asia  is seen as an emerging world power  is strict on censorship  is a culture  is a worry to most people who watch Fox News.
China	a country  very populated
China	a country in asia can also be something you eat off of
Christmas	Not hard  pleasant to touch  skin  fur  malleable  plush  comfortable.
Christmas	not hard  gentle  not rough  comfortable  used to describe the feel of something
Christmas	red  green  Christmas trees  presents  manger scene  Santa Clause  snow  reindeer  family  December  Holiday
Christmas	Happy  presents  Jesus  december  break time  birth  trees  lights  family  traveling  snow  animals
Christmas	happy  lights  snow  Jesus  presents  christmas tree  santa  jolly  excited  cold  boots  robes  sweater  red  green  angels  music  cookies  snow flakes  chimney  coal  stockings  books  movies  sweet smells  yummy treats  family  the christmas story  manger.
Christmas	Is a holiday celebrating Jesus's birth in the Christian religion. Presents are given on this day. It is also used to describe the season that surrounds the day. It's generally a happy day.
Christmas	Jesus' birthday 
Christmas	holiday celebrated by numerous people  most wonderful time of the year  Christians recognize this holiday as the birth of Jesus  associated with Saint Nick  occurs every year on December 25th  tradition to exchange gifts with loved ones  encourages charitable acts
Christmas	gifts  jesus was born  religious holiday  mistletoe  santa claus
Christmas	holiday  receive presents  decorate the house/yard  sing songs  go to church  drink eggnog  snow is on the ground
Christmas	holiday  celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ family  tree  presents  free time  feast
Christmas	presents  God  Jesus's birthday  green and red  santa  reindeer  lights  pine trees  decorations  garland  ornaments  food  cookies  christmas caroling
Christmas	Lights  presents  christmas tree  the month of December  on December 25  there is an eve of christmas  sometimes it snows around christmas time
Christmas	time of joy and happiness  family  big meals  presents  celebration of Jesus
Christmas	is jesus's birthday  get evergreen trees  buy presents  santa comes to house  stockings are hung  people kiss under mistletoe  raindeer with red-noses  snowmen built  snow angels made 
Christmas	is a holiday  is jesus's birthday  is when people decorate their houses with lights
Christmas	Winter  cold  snow  tree full of lights  gift  santa claus  deers  the end of the year
Christmas	Happy  family
Christmas	December 25  the celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ where gifts are given and family comes together for such celebration
Christmas	Event  December 25th  pine trees  star topper  lights  decorations  presents  family time  feast  hot chocolate  pajamas and slippers  wrapping paper  waking up early  roaring fireplace
Christmas	the happy holiday for the Christian religion.
Christmas	holiday for some people  presents  spending time with your family  christmas tree  decorations  snow  cold weather  santa claus  Jesus's birthday
Christmas	joyful  celebration  christ's birth  christian holiday  December 25  gift exchanges
Christmas	commercialized celebration  over-spending  family  tradition
Christmas	family  giving/receiving  food  smells like turkey and evergreens  long sleeves  sweaters  socks
Christmas	presents  family  hot chocolate  pajamas  warm food  comfortable  
Christmas	Happy 
Christmas	holiday in winter  jesus was born  december 25th  presents are generally given to family/friends  big dinner with family  red and green  Santa Clause and his reindeer bring presents on Christmas Eve  elves make the toys that are given out on Christmas
Christmas	Snow  cold  gifts  holy family  birth  family  food  happiness     
Christmas	christ  presents  snow  christmas tree  love  happiness joy
Christmas	Holiday  celebrate Christ's birth  christmas trees  ornaments  candle lighting services  gifts  pumpkin pie  family  staying warm by the fire  drinking lots of hot chocolate and coffee  large meals  break from school. Time spent with family and friends. Snow  road trips.
Christmas	songs  red  green  presents  tree  lights  decorations  pine  Santa  elves  north pole  snow  cookies  reindeer  jesus  food  christmas eve
Christmas	presents  family  egg nog  songs  santa claus  church  jesus  food  cold  snow  sledding  hot chocolate  decorating  trees  ornaments  candy-canes  lights  reindeer  elves  stockings  fire  grinch
Christmas	the holiday where people give presents  receive presents  and have feasts with family and those they care about
Christmas	cold  Jesus' birth  presents  family  hot chocolate  sweaters  church programs  fireplaces  annoying too repeated music  bad driving situations  ice  snowmen  sleds  hills  food  blankets  dr. seuss
Christmas	The 25th day in December  celebration of Jesus's birth  you put up a tree and decorate it  put presents under the tree to open  cook gingerbread cookies around this time of the year
Christmas	gifts  family  friends  tree  ornaments  tradition  December 25  jesus was born  Christmas songs  snow  winter  frosty the snowman  Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer  jingle bells.
Christmas	is a holiday  is Jesus' birthday  is a day to give gifts  is a time to decorate  uses the story of santa clause  
Christmas	my favorite holiday  thanksgiving with presents  red and green  family
Christmas	Holiday celebrated by Christians to commemorate the birth of Jesus Christ. In pop culture  it is a holiday for exchanging gifts  eating a large meal  and spending time with family.
Christmas	is happy  is a holiday  is a time for family  food  and gifts  is cold  is homey  is snowy and beautiful
Christmas	celebration  presents  being thankful  religious
Christmas	december holiday  ascociated with gifts  birth of Jesus  red and green in color  fun and cheerful time  santa and elfs bring gifts  many people are caroling  can bring stressful financial situations to families  brings out decorations like christmas trees and wreths
Christmas	december  jesus  christians  presents  santa clause  being thankful  being selfless and kind  jolly spirit  really good home cooked meals  no school  shopping sales
Christmas	Red and green  family and feast. Presents on christmas morning. Snow  a white christmas  hot chocolate by the fire. Ugly sweaters
Christmas	red  green  jesus  family  egg nog  love 
Christmas	Jesus  presents  stockings  snow  reindeer  Santa  wreath  tree  lights
Christmas	December 25  the birth of Jesus  you receive and give presents on this day  and it occurs every year
Christmas	Winter  Snow  White  Holiday  Christian  Chris Kringle  mythical/cultural  presents  cheer  noel  Christmas music  christmas trees  decorations
Christmas	is on December 25  is commonly celebrated as the birthday of Jesus Christ  is a holiday  is cold  is near the beginning of winter  involves presents  can be snowy  sounds like laughter  smells like a feast  smells like cookies  involves family time  involves "Santa " involves "reindeer " 
Christmas	Presents  family  Santa Clause  Christianity  love  company  break  snow  December
Christmas	Gifts  snow  winter  red  trees
Christmas	holiday  celebrates birth of christ  very family oriented  time family gets together and shares presents and cooks and puts up lights  during winter  december 25th
Christmas	Is a holiday  brings familys together  Is cold
Christmas	holiday  day for christ  december 25th  pine trees  red and green  presents  hot cocoa  egg nog  reindeer  santa
Christmas	cold  family time  green and red  santa clause  presents  church  reign deer  sleighs  snowmen  happy feelings  mistle-toe  has a big dinner on that day  love  togetherness
Christmas	is a Christian holiday  celebrates the birth of Jesus  also celebrates the coming of Santa Claus and presents  celebrated on December 25  usually involved decorating an evergreen tree and hanging lights 
Christmas	Favorite holliday  presents  santa claus  family  great food  great deserts  thought that matters  brings joy  priceless faces on children  reigndeer  sleigh  snow  cold  fireplace  story books  christmas movies
Christmas	Jesus birthday  gifts  Christmas tree  red and green  lights  gingerbread  egg nog  presents  family  shopping  food  toys  christmas cards  Football  Basketball
Christmas	snow  lights  cold  beautiful  green  red  white  
Christmas	presents  ham  family  santa  santas helpers  santas babies  cute women in christmas outfits
Christmas	Church  Jesus  gifts
Christmas	A holiday in which family and loved ones celebrate jesus birth  ofen with church and presents 
Christmas	a way for businesses to sell merchandise  happens in winter  Santa Clause  snow  Christmas tree 
Christmas	santa  presents  gifts  snow  trees  lights  ornaments  family  cold  jackets  scarfs  hats  gloves  christmas carols  jesus  mary  joseph  stable  ox  ass  star  angels  kings  shepards  
Christmas	a holiday  located in December  Santa Clause  St. Nicholas  Reindeer  Christmas Trees  Presents  Stockings  Cookies  Snow  takes place in the Winter  Jesus' birthday  and a day of giving.
Christmas	celebrating religion  giving presents  santa claus  christmas tree  stockings  cookies  early mornings
Christmas	is a holiday  celebrated by many people  celebrated in the winter months  is on December 25th  when people give and recieve presents  a happy time for most people
Christmas	Jesus  Santa Claus  family  gifts
Christmas	A time for family to be together.  A tree is decorated and gifts are placed under it.  It's cold and snowy outside  but inside smells of cinnamon and sugar cookies.  We celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ.
Christmas	presents  family  happy  love
Christmas	Holiday celebrated by many people on December 25 to recognize and celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ. Also includes the tale of Santa Claus who goes through houses through the chimney bringing gifts for all. 
Christmas	celebrating  family  jesus
Christmas	is popular  is a holiday  is religious  is material  is on December 25  is the reason for Black Friday.
Christmas	holiday  joyful  people get gifts  giving  food  family  fun
Christmas	The birth of Jesus  a time to celebrate with friends and family  snow  a time for decorating the tree and buying gift for loved ones. 
Collar	A word for a type of fried potato. A token used in poker to represent money. A morsel used in cookies and baking  often chocolate morsels. A technological piece that stores information in various devices.
Collar	a snack  made of grain  potatoes  other wheats  in stores  in packs  a crack or minor break  
Collar	on dogs  on nicer shirts  priests wear roman collar  worn up isn't cool
Collar	dog  shirt  men  tag  colors  designs
Collar	dog  cat  tag  shirt  polo  clothes  style.
Collar	A strip of material that goes around the neck. Carries I.D. tags and can be attached to a leash.
Collar	Ironed 
Collar	a sign of possession  used on domestic pets  varies in size  varies in color  typcially share the shape  vaires in maerial/fabric   fabric found around the neck on a button up shirt
Collar	on a shirt  hides the top of a tie  looks smart  is more formal or smart formal than casual  used on animals to identify them or to control them- ie electric collar or attached to leash
Collar	dog collar  horse collar  collar of a shirt  a tie goes around a collar  
Collar	control  fashion  lead  sadomasochism  neck
Collar	shirt collar  dog collar
Collar	On a polo shirt  dressy/casual attire 
Collar	goes around the neck of a dog or on a shirt
Collar	a chain  a necklace  metal  silver  gold  
Collar	is on a polo  is for domestic animals
Collar	Ship  hair  circle
Collar	Dressy  fancy
Collar	the part of a shirt that goes around your neck
Collar	Used on dogs and cats  have a nametag  some have spikes  blue-collar working class  button up shirts  needed with suits  a lapel  ties  bows
Collar	the thing that we put in our neck or hand and we may believe or consider something from it. 
Collar	band around a dog or cat  usually around the neck  keeps animals from being lost  help protect the animal  help protect people from the animal if it says something like that the animal hasn't had his/or her shots.
Collar	something worn by animals as identification or for decoration  also found on a shirt  place where head goes through  may be round shape  v-neck  oval
Collar	part of shirt  stiff  folded over  formal 
Collar	Stiff  fashionable  uncomfortable  formal  button up shirts  pets wear them
Collar	while and blue collar workers  polo
Collar	Dog
Collar	on the top of a shirt/coat  located around your neck  generally keeps you warmer
Collar	Blue  white  shirt  dressing up  cloths   
Collar	shirt  popped  ironed  starch  guys wear it
Collar	Part of a shirt  worn around the neck. Typically apart of a button up shirt. Something a reverend might wear. Napkins may be tucked into it.
Collar	shirt  pants  clothes  dress  blouse  harness  dog  leash  band
Collar	dog  white collar (show)  flea collar  shock collar  shirt collar
Collar	is what dogs wear  can be colorful  usually contains a name tag with it
Collar	on the top of the neck of some shirts  can be used to train dogs  a confinement  can itch  hides ties  can be too tight and makes breathing/swallowing more difficult.
Collar	round  rough or smooth  put one around a dogs neck  can be flashy or plain
Collar	top of the shirt  around the neck  different types on different shirts  dress shirts t-shirts  polos.
Collar	on a shirt/vest/sweater/etc  used to cover ties on male dress outfits  is put on pets  holds pets identification information often times
Collar	for a dog  for a cat  for a pet  dogs  colorful  cats
Collar	Band of leather or fabric that encircles a dog's neck  used to attach a leash to a dog  can be brightly colored  tags can be hung from it to identify dog
Collar	is on a dogs neck  allows for a leash  tags that will keep them from being lost  can be any color  can repel flees  can be big  small  and spiked.
Collar	something you put around an animals neck for identification
Collar	found on dogs  found on shirts  often contains a tag  can be annoying to people and dogs  can be hooked to a leash  is circular  can vary in size
Collar	blue collar jobs  comedy  what you put around dogs and cats neck to show ownership  some people think collars are fashionable to wear around their neck
Collar	Of a shirt or collar on a dog. For a dog it's convienence for a leash or to hold an id tag. On a shirt it's normally a dress shirt. Ironed and pressed. Fancy occasion. 
Collar	blue  red  class  popped for preppy  grease
Collar	dog  child  control  leash  leather  name tag  lost  shirt  polo  popped
Collar	A piece of material that a dog wears around its neck  can be attached to a leash
Collar	to nab a criminal  the collar on a shirt  a collar for a pet.
Collar	is a part of a shirt  is by one's neck  is worn by household pets  holds name tags  can be used to describe a type of a job  can be used to track animals and their habits  looks round
Collar	shirt  dogs  pop  formal  over a tie
Collar	Rescue  sea  pool  sinking
Collar	something put on animals such as dogs  cats  etc. to claim them and make others know they have an owner.
Collar	Is a part of a shirt
Collar	part of a shirt  folded down  used to keep tags on dogs or cats  has a part for a leash to attach to it
Collar	top of a shirt  folds down  please iron  holds a tie  might button...
Collar	is typically made out of fabric  is put on dogs and cats to hold name tags and to attach leashes to  can be decorative  can also be made of metal  plastic  or leather
Collar	used for pets  around the neck of a shirt  attached to a leash  wrinkles easily  stretches out  shrinks if dried
Collar	What goes around dogs  a bone in humans  helps lost dogs get back to their owner
Collar	leash on a dog  collar on shirts  pop
Collar	shirt
Collar	Shirt
Collar	a part of your shirt
Collar	found on a shirt
Collar	blue collar  white collar  ties  crisp  men  
Collar	is on a shirt  can be worn by a dog  can be up or down  goes around the neck  can be tightened  can be loosened  can be buttoned  and up or down.
Collar	on a shirt  can be used for pets  can be different colors  go around the neck
Collar	is something that dogs wear around their necks  tags are usually connected to it  its purpose is hold the tags in case animal is lost
Collar	dog  collar bone
Collar	Dogs wear collars.  They can be studded  colorful  or just functional.  
Collar	dog  neck
Collar	Used to control pets like dogs and cats to keep track of them or hook a leash to  to walk the animal.
Collar	dog
Collar	is the folded down piece of fabric around the neck on a shirt  should be crisp  can be "popped " sometimes has buttons. is a piece of fabric with a clasp that is used to hold tags on a pet's neck  can be colorful  can be made of leather  can attach to a leash.
Collar	stiff  annoying
Collar	an item found on a dog can also be found on shirts
Down	To take a fall. To trip. To take a spill. To roll around.
Down	To fall  form of gymnastics  flips  rolls  displacement of body weight followed by quick regain
Down	opposite of up  falling  below something
Down	time  lay  under  australia  dog  command  stairs
Down	Up  sad  down comforter  bad mood  short  dropped something  not visible. 
Down	Something underneath.
Down	Opposite of up 
Down	refers to a direction  under or beneath  opposite of up  can a reffer to a feeling or state of being  can also refer to a number of different songs or lyrics
Down	opposite to up  to descend  lower  less than  below  unhappy  ready to go (slang)  
Down	get off of something high
Down	yonder  depth mood
Down	not up  sad  depressed  to the bottom  towards the ground  fall
Down	Towards the ground  opposite of up
Down	not up
Down	fall  drop  lay  crawl
Down	is a direction  is south
Down	Bottom  low
Down	Unhappy  suicide 
Down	lower  not up   feeling down means sad below 
Down	Opposite of up  a type of emotion  goes towards the ground  falling down  term for hitting a target
Down	when someone failed.
Down	not up  fall  could also be a feeling  towards the ground
Down	the direction that is not up  below  from high to low  depressed  pessimistic  neagtive  act of being hard on oneself  low pressure  below average
Down	soft  warm  filling material
Down	a direction  often percieved as negative  can also be a physical state of being: down in the dumps  part of the opposites we first learn in kindergarten
Down	mood  feelings  bad weather  
Down	Hell
Down	below  underneath  oppositie of up
Down	South  bad   
Down	up  upside down  backwards  pillows  fluffy
Down	Direction. Opposite of up. Direction of gravity. Also a feeling. To feel negative  upset or discouraged. 
Down	up  out  higher to lower  position  sitting  low
Down	opposite of up  under  comforter  stairs  and out  court  disappointed  upset
Down	the opposite of up
Down	opposite of up  a command for a dog  gravity  depressed  not happy  below something  lower
Down	below  located under  opposite of up  people go this direction to get to a lower level
Down	opposite of up  feeling  depression  sad  down in it  downtown  under.
Down	is below  is less  can be a feeling with negative emotions 
Down	syndrome
Down	relatively closer to the ground  low  declined
Down	is a direction  down is south  or down a hill  or down a mountain  or down stairs  you have to descent to go down
Down	lower than where you are now
Down	the opposite of up  below  ascociated with the bottom
Down	opposite of up  south of the equator  a relative term  tells you the position of something in relation to another object
Down	South  gravity. Everything on earth is being pulled down by gravity. What goes up must come down. Physics comes to mind when thinking of the word down.
Down	low to the ground  opposite of up  grass  elevator  arrow
Down	Beneath  lower  not up  pillow filling  falling  football  ground  gravity  emotions  depressed
Down	the opposite of up going from a higher to a lower position  can be used when going from the top of a hill to the bottom of the hill  
Down	direction  goose feathers  motion  can mean ground  hell  to lay down  being down with something  down as in sad  and down can be a football reference.
Down	is a football term  is goose feathers  is an adverb
Down	South  negative  sad  declining  is a direction
Down	Under  level
Down	opposite of up  towards the floor  facing upside down  
Down	the opposite of up
Down	direction  opposite of up  falling  under  not top
Down	below  underneith  down farther than something eles  how someone sad is feeling  the ground  opposite of up
Down	a filling for pillows  blankets  and jackets  provides warmth  made from feathers of geese or ducks  not used by vegetarians  more expensive than its synthetic counterpart
Down	laying in bed  relaxing  losing in a sport  getting on the ground fast  football terminology
Down	opposite of up  usually bad when something goes down
Down	jay sean  springfield  
Down	opposite of up  sucky  depressed
Down	Up
Down	the direction of higher and lower  descending toward the bottom
Down	the opposite of up  a direction  a negative direction
Down	stairs  elevator  escalator  the hall  negative
Down	opposite of up  below  under  things fall down  you can look down  grades go down  and it is worse then going up
Down	opposite of up
Down	below  under  opposite of up  direction we go when we sit or lay down
Down	slow down  right down  get down.
Down	Down is dark.  Down is not a place anyone should be. 
Down	on the ground  upset
Down	Where you look when your head goes down  the opposite of up.
Down	upset  depressed
Down	is a direction  is the opposite of up. is used to say that a person isn't feeling happy.
Down	Opposite of up  low  the ground  to be upset  to feel hurt
Down	a direction and opposite of up
Flag	Significant  important  large in size or amount. Alexander the Great  Catherine the Great  a word used to express pleasure or approval.
Flag	name given to show high status  better than good  praise  award 
Flag	On a pole  represents different nations or organizations  soft material  colorful  found on important buildings
Flag	football  american  country  red  white  blue  proud  freedom  independence  stand for 
Flag	America  USA  Red  White  Blue  stars  stripes  states. peace.
Flag	A symbol. Made of some kind of cloth. Has some image on it that represents something.
Flag	America red white and blue 
Flag	a piece of fabric used to display pride on one's country  designs change based on the country  no two flags are the same  made of  a fabric  used to identify a country  typically hung on a pole  can depict a day of remembrance  treated with respect  given to a fallen soldier's family after a soldiers death  saluted as a sign of respect  used on online sites to mark inappropriate content or to alert administrators to a problem
Flag	symbol  all countries have one  defines something  sports teams use them  advertising
Flag	america  symbol of nations  pride  sometimes burned  hung on poles  is saluted  
Flag	on a pole  stars and stripes  patriotism  glory  symbol
Flag	different colors  meanings  big and small  flag pole
Flag	Can represent a country  state or chapter of something  America's represents freedom
Flag	shows pride in whatever you believe in
Flag	has stripes  has stars  is red  is white  is blue  waves
Flag	has one for every country  is in the marching band  is in national guard
Flag	Country  sign  race
Flag	America
Flag	a cloth that represents something such as a country  or club
Flag	America  foreign countries  national pride  flag poles  blowing in the wind  burning in protest
Flag	some colors show the culture of the country or group of people 
Flag	patriotic  symbolize your country  what you believe sign of honor  represents you  
Flag	symbol of country  symbol or sate or organization  something to take pride in  something to represent  USA flag is red  white and blue 
Flag	identification tool  waving in the breeze  symbol  inspires patriotism
Flag	Red  white  and blue  made of fabric  symbol  flows in the wind  sacred part of culture
Flag	america  patriotic  
Flag	Country 
Flag	represents countries and states  shows pride  hangs on a pole  made out of cloth  decorated with symbols and colors
Flag	Pride  country  group  respect  group of people 
Flag	american
Flag	Red  White and Blue. A symbol  to represent a nation  school  community  people group  etc. A penalty in sports. 
Flag	cloth  design  color  size  region  decoration
Flag	country  fourth of july  red-white-blue  not touch ground  half-staff  patriotic  Betsy Ross  national anthem
Flag	is something that can be on a pole flown  can be on a pole being spun  usually colorful  made of cotton  made of silk
Flag	patriotic  shows path of belief and loyalty  should never touch the ground  highly honored  shows great respect  
Flag	Every country would have on of these to represent them  it is rectangular  people salute it to show respect
Flag	American  symbol  freedom  colors  pole  salute  national anthem; red  white  and blue; stars and stripes  unity  pride  patriotism.
Flag	used to show nationalities  used to show interests  found on flag poles or inside homes
Flag	patriotism  integrity  red white and blue  courage
Flag	A square piece of canvas with a design on it  usually represents a political unit such as a country or state  hung from a pole so it can be seen from a distance
Flag	is an object  is fabric  shows pride in one's country  is flown on a pole  blows in the wind  can signify tragedy if flown at half mass  represents unity
Flag	a sense of unity 
Flag	a symbol of something  represents a country  very important  considered patriotic
Flag	american pride  symbolizes freedom  made by a seamstress  has been altered from 13 stars to 52 stars  national anthem  red  white  and blue
Flag	rectangle  normally hanging on a pole  hangs at half staff to show respect for those that ahve fallen on a memorable day. respected  not to hit the ground or burned. 
Flag	american  red  white  blue  symbol  freedom
Flag	American  flying  whipping  stars  stripes  battle scenes  hope  uniform  armed forces
Flag	represents a country  in America the flag stands for freedom  contains 14 white and red stripes  50 stars representing each state
Flag	patriotism  wavering  attached to a flag pole  representative of some bigger idea  denotes a group or generally recognized location or idea.
Flag	is representative  is a symbol  is red  white  and blue in the United States  has 13 stripes in the U.S.  has 50 stars in the U.S.  flies  is held up on a pole  is lowered when in a time of remembrance
Flag	Nations  breeze  billowing  representation  designs  stars and stripes  patriotism
Flag	Country  club  sign  loyalty  
Flag	belong to countries  belong to state  can be a warning  can be a withdraw  can be a peace symbol  
Flag	Is a symbol  Is an object  Represents something 
Flag	cloth that stands for something  used to represent individual countries or states  also used in games like capture the flag  used as a point of reference
Flag	national anthem  take pride in  dont let touch the ground  burn when old  every state and country has one  "stars and stripes " important  national symbol  red white and blue  a
Flag	the emblem of a country or state  usually flow at public buildings  should be treated with great respect  in some places the handling of a flag is highly regulated with official rules that must be observed for display or storage  usually has meaning behind the design and coloring
Flag	made out of fabric  has that designated nation/ state's colors on them  represents patriotism  hung at half mass if something bad happens  bad luck to let drag on the ground
Flag	Pledge  honor  symbol of a country
Flag	football  the American flag
Flag	USA USA USA
Flag	America  patriotism
Flag	an symbol of a country  when something is not right or something was done wrong
Flag	Shows unity
Flag	american  christan  unity  strength  honor  
Flag	symbol of countries  or businesses  or groups  that show of colors and different symbols that bring memories of past experience  used to show gratitude  and love for ones country or organization.
Flag	shows pride of country  america  all different colors  some has animals on it
Flag	a sign of ones country or culture  something that is hung up or put in a stand  can be various different types  made of material and usually has a pole connected to it
Flag	american  nations  winning  territory
Flag	Freedom.  Red  white  and blue.  The flag is peaceful and seeing it waving in someone's front yard paints a perfect picture of America.
Flag	countries  colors
Flag	Hung on a pole or some type of stick to represent.
Flag	america  patriotism
Flag	is usually a rectangle  unless it is triangular  usually made of cloth  is a symbol of patriotism to most  flown at half-mast to remind/inform the public of great tragedy/death  each country has their own and thus each flag is special to someone.
Flag	colorful  represents certain countries and states  symbolic
Flag	represents countries  cities  states  it can consist of different colors  symbols and shapes
Gander	Something that is unappealing. Revolting. Nasty. Repulsive. Gross. Icky. Unpleasant. 
Gander	nasty  gross  unacceptable  to describe somethings state  really below normal  
Gander	to look  to inspect  to look around
Gander	guess  duck  amimal  
Gander	Gamble  taking a chance  going out on a limb. 
Gander	A male goose.
Gander	Pretty 
Gander	Goose  is a bird  waddles  capable of flight  lays eggs  has wings  swims  has a beak  has wings  has webbed feet  has feathers  lives in or near ponds  hunted by people  is edible to take a look  action of looking
Gander	a male goose  white feathers  beak  flies  swims  paddles  also can refer to having a quick look at something
Gander	to look at something
Gander	goose  male  has feathers  it squawks  two legged  winged  has a bill
Gander	female goose  lake  pond  squacks  gooslings
Gander	Wander off  not knowing what you are supposed to be doing
Gander	to ponder off
Gander	a male goose  waddles  flies  squawks  is a bird  migrates south  lays eggs  swims  has wings  has feathers  has webbed feat  has a beak  has a long neck  hunted by people  is edible  lives in water 
Gander	is thinking
Gander	nothing
Gander	To look at things
Gander	to take a look at something
Gander	To look and take in
Gander	no idea 
Gander	to wonder  to think
Gander	look upon  slight glance  
Gander	female goose  to take a look at  look over
Gander	a goose  taking a closer look  using the eyes  used usually in a humorous way
Gander	trip  journey  old expression
Gander	Eyeball
Gander	male goose  a look or a glance
Gander	Look  view   think 
Gander	lets look  geese 
Gander	to take a look at something. a male goose. 
Gander	question  guess  idea
Gander	goose  nursery rhyme  feathers  fly  quack  has wings  webbed feet
Gander	
Gander	to take a look at  a male water fowl  to observe
Gander	to look around  visually or physically wonder
Gander	mountain  male goose  look or glance  take a gander at that  gandering around  acting foolishly.
Gander	is a goose  is a male  has wings  can fly  migrates during the winter  usually lives among other geese
Gander	look  peer  gaze  stare
Gander	male goose  very aggressive if they are defending a nest
Gander	is a verb  means to look at something  requires thought  
Gander	to look around at something
Gander	to think about intensly  over thinking
Gander	to look at someone for a short period of time  a flock of geese  
Gander	To ponder  or wonder. To think over something. Mentally working through something. 
Gander	wander  look  quick stroll  shot
Gander	look  check out  view  goose  glance  
Gander	a male goose  a look or glance at a person or something  can be taken as offensive  a common slang word
Gander	a group of geese  to take a gander at something
Gander	is a male  is a goose  has feathers  is a bird  has wings  is edible  lives on water  swims  is an animal  is in the novel Charlotte's Web
Gander	to watch  an observation  to notice  feathers  a goose
Gander	Animal
Gander	
Gander	taking a look
Gander	waddles  swims  male  bird  migrates  flies  lays eggs  has feathers
Gander	to look  staet at  or appreciate "lemme take a gander..." very hick term
Gander	a male goose  a bird  an animal  flies  swims  has a beak  lives in the water  migrates yearly  has feathers  has webbed feet  has wings  is edible
Gander	take a look at  funny word  say it around my parents to be comical
Gander	Wonder about something  starring off in space
Gander	look ahead  
Gander	look!
Gander	Look
Gander	taking a look at something
Gander	a male goose  a town in Canada
Gander	look at  check out  look that way  
Gander	to look  to ponder  to see something  to observe  to look over  to wonder  to think about  to notice.
Gander	a word for looking
Gander	to wonder  walk around  slowly go somewhere  pace around
Gander	look  daze
Gander	A goose.  It's an old saying.
Gander	to look ahead  in distance
Gander	Mature male moose
Gander	goose  geese
Gander	is another word for "look." 
Gander	to wonder  to guess
Gander	to take a look
Gift	How long something has been in existence  allowing something to mature (as in beer)  birthdays.
Gift	the amount of years you are  how old you are
Gift	a present  to show appreciation for  to show you care  Christmas  birthday
Gift	present  fun  wrapped  shopping  large or small  expensive  to give  smiles  happy  party
Gift	birthday  surprise  christmas  reward  money  cheap  thoughful  thankful  excited.
Gift	Something that you give someone. It could be anything and for any reason.
Gift	Wrapping 
Gift	an object presented on a time of celebration  present  varies in size  varies in shape  varies in color  a positive object used to sastify the individual the gift is presented to  can be  material object  can be used to decribe a characteristic 
Gift	Something given from one person to another in an act of kindness or gratitude. Objects can range from physical things to moral things. Friendship  toys  wrapped in paper
Gift	present  birthdays  christmas  anniversaries  given in gratitude  
Gift	present  gesture  should be heart felt
Gift	present  receive  give  surprise  birthday  christmas
Gift	Birthday parties  ribbons and wrapping paper  christmas  you grant them as a reward
Gift	given from someone who cares
Gift	a present  an act of kindness  special  thoughtful
Gift	is something that is recieved on birthdays  is something recieved on holidays  is something given to someone special to you
Gift	Birthday  prize  reward  success
Gift	birthday  Christmas  boyfriend
Gift	a present given to one person from another
Gift	Birthdays  Christmas  Graduation  random occassions  housewarming  wrapping paper  life  nonobjective things  taking into consideration the little things
Gift	buying thing to anyone in his or her birthday to show the love that u have to him or her 
Gift	give or recieve a gift  can be given in any shape or form  a gift can be any object like a ring  clothing  electronic device  automobile  nice gesture
Gift	something given  reward  used for celebration
Gift	present  hopefully what you wanted  talent  ability
Gift	a present from someone  often brings joy and happiness  is often wrapped  can be small  big  or an idea or freedom  feels good for both the giver and receiver
Gift	thoughtful  expensive  
Gift	Love
Gift	present  given on birthdays and christmas  nice gesture  usually wrapped in a gift bag or wrapping paper
Gift	Birthday  money  toys  thankfulness  joy  
Gift	yay  present  christmas time  birthdays  anniversaries
Gift	Something given to someone or received. A present  wrapped  packaged  purchased or made. Also  a skill or talent one may have. She has the gift of singing. 
Gift	present  birthday  celebration  candles  cake  being nice  giving  acquired  donation  contribution  offering  
Gift	present  Christmas  Birthday  nice person  graduation  talent
Gift	a present from one person to another
Gift	a sign of affection expensive  can be home made  has great meaning  can be forced  can be big or small  usually wrapped  doesn't have to be physical  comes in many different forms usually not taken back
Gift	a present  usually a wrapped item  give to another person for nothing in return  usually given for special events
Gift	Christmas  birthday  cheer someone up  wrapped  money  graduation  baby shower  friends  family  co-workers  showing of care.
Gift	has wrapping  is given from one person to another  is a showing of appreciation  given on holidays or other special occassions
Gift	christmas  family  birthday
Gift	something that is given from one person to another  the giver expects nothing in return from the recipient
Gift	is a thing given to someone  makes you happy  christmas time  birthdays  weddings  anniversaries  can be a physical thing or something else  gift of knowledge
Gift	something you receive or give to someone  present  thoughtful
Gift	wrapped up with bows  given and recieved on holidays  bring excitement  bring happiness  recieved from a loved one or friend  can be small or big  can be expensive or inexpensive
Gift	christmas  birthday  valentines day  holidays  spending money  people give gifts out of kindness  white elephant gifts  secret santa gifts
Gift	A present. From one person or thing to another person or thing  birthdays  annaversaries  christmas  special days  thank you presents. wrapping paper. 
Gift	gracious  love  friends  family  thought  feeling
Gift	present  Christmas  birthday  celebration  accomplishment  jewelry  candies  doll  teddy bear  wine
Gift	something that can received or given usually at a holiday occasion or a birthday  something to show that you appreciate and care for another person 
Gift	item meant for someone else  non-reciprical  present
Gift	is something that is given  can be given generously  is another word for a present  can be wrapped  can be in a bag  can have a bow on it  can cause happiness  is given on special occasions  is an uncommon but amazing natural ability
Gift	present  wrapping  colorful  joy  Christmas  surprise  family  life  peace  sharing
Gift	Christmas  birthday  Love
Gift	free  given to others or receiven by others  sometimes wrapped in boxes and paper  given on birthdays  anniversaries  holidays  or random.
Gift	Is something someone give you free of charge  Makes you happy
Gift	something given to another  or a personality trait  something unexpected  can be wrapped  has to be unwrapped
Gift	something you give someone  usually wrapped  birthdays  christmas  holidays in general  nice to receive  cost money  make you feel loved  have gift receips sometimes
Gift	an item that is given to a person from another without expectation of something in return  often given on holidays or birthdays  can range from small to lavish
Gift	christmas  birthday  easter  friends  family  special talent  good at something  Phil Heath
Gift	Act of kindness  present  can be many different things  come in all shapes and sizes
Gift	christmas  birthday  gifts are awesome!
Gift	christmas  hannaukuh  birthday.
Gift	Payback  awesome
Gift	something given to you without getting anything in return
Gift	a nice gesture
Gift	giving of something to another person  wrapped  birthdays  christmas
Gift	a present  something given to you by someone else  or something you give to someone  something you give  given on Christmas  given on birthdays  and something you do not have to pay back for. 
Gift	present  given to someone  birthdays  christmas
Gift	something we recieve or give  can be wrapped  is free of charge for the one recieving it 
Gift	christmas gift  present  gift of life
Gift	Christmas.
Gift	present  christmas  birthday
Gift	Can vary in size shape  worth  price  someone gives to another
Gift	present  celebration
Gift	a present one receives or gives - can be wrapped or not  can be well-liked or absolutely hated  is serious (a family heirloom) or silly (a "gag" gift  like a vibrator at a bachelorette party)  mostly seen around birthdays or Christmas  can be figurative  i.e.  "the gift of love". is a natural talent - such as being naturally inclined to music or sports.
Gift	suprising  joyful  wonderful  shows love and compassion  get them on holidays and birthdays
Gift	to show love  to care  present  just because  thoughtful
Goo	Bitter in taste  not sweet  spoiled  tart  lemonade can taste this way  some people do not like food of this taste.
Goo	opposite of sweet  sharp taste  usually causes scrunching of the face  the taste of something
Goo	squishy slimy  smelly  slippery  possibly edible  liquid
Goo	fun  camp  children  colorful  playful  crafts  goop
Goo	Sticky  gross  messing  baby noise  green  slimy  smelly  craft  boogers  glue  something little kids like to play with.
Goo	A squishy substance. Could be any number of colors. A vague word  used when one cannot identify the the substance.
Goo	sticky substance 
Goo	varies in color  slimey substance  used as a source of entertainment  typically not edible  varies in scent  nonsense sound utter by those learning how to speech  stereotypical infant sound 
Goo	Squishy  messy  isn't defined as anything in particular but is used to describe something that is messy or sticky etc
Goo	slimy  sticky  
Goo	glob  sticky  slimy  snot consistency
Goo	gross  sticky  slimy  soft  runny
Goo	Something you play with when your a child  it's a messy object  sold in small plastic containers  entertains children
Goo	sticky stuff you can't get off
Goo	is sticky  not edible  slimey  squishy
Goo	is slime
Goo	Monster  bear
Goo	The Goo Goo Dolls
Goo	sticky thick substance  
Goo	Sticks to your fingers  sticks to other objects  holds things together  the Goo Goo Dolls
Goo	no idea 
Goo	slimy  green  
Goo	in awe  
Goo	unpleasant mess  slimey  gross
Goo	babies  green and slimy
Goo	goo goo dolls  slimy  green
Goo	Disturbance
Goo	a sticky or slimy substance
Goo	Slime  muck  dirty  slimy  messy    
Goo	putty  goobers  boogers  snot
Goo	is a substance  is wet  sticky gross.
Goo	thick  green  flubber  sticky
Goo	hair gel  nasty  slimy  Flarp  caramel
Goo	is a slimy substance that little children enjoy playing with  is a solid but feels like a liquid
Goo	flubber  gross  the teenage mutant ninja turtles  the mighty morphin power rangers movie  slimey  can make fart sounds  usually unliked by girls  little boys would love it
Goo	sticky  slimy  smelly  comes in clumps
Goo	sticky substance  gross  hair  slimy  google  google maps  goop.
Goo	is sticky  is wet  is in a liquid form  causes a mess
Goo	gross
Goo	a liquid that is not very viscous  tends to be sticky  usually applies to an unknown substance  makes an unpleasant squelch when touched
Goo	is slimy  is somewhere between a liquid and solid  leaves a residue  is no definite shape 
Goo	goo goo dolls  baby
Goo	wet and sticky  often considered gross  not normal
Goo	something that a baby says  slimy and usually green  nickelodeon used to slime people with green goo  hard to clean off  cold 
Goo	Slime  sticky  green is the color that comes to mind. Normally a sticky substance thicker than water but not as thick as jello. wet to the touch. 
Goo	sticky  flubber  green  gross
Goo	gooey  jello  flubber  bouncy  slimy  sticky  melted gummy bears
Goo	a sticky substane or material  drank by runners in marathons to keep their energy level high to finish the race
Goo	material that is not of a particular shape or size  and is uncontrollable and more than likely not the most pleasant thing.
Goo	is slimy  is cold  is wet  is stretchy  has no shape  is shiny  can be formed by saliva
Goo	muck  nasty  baby talk  slime  globs
Goo	Google
Goo	
Goo	Is sticky
Goo	slime  messiness  something you don't want all over you
Goo	green  sticky  Goo-gone gets rid off  people dont like  reminds me of flubber  on the bottom of your shoes  smelly  gummy
Goo	a substance that is between liquid and solid  is sticky  messy  difficult to clean up
Goo	goosebumps  slimey  gross smelling  green  slow moving
Goo	Soft  green  in pipes
Goo	slimey stuff  fish  animal
Goo	Nasty  weird  taste weird  feels weird.
Goo	Poo
Goo	sticky substance
Goo	a gel like substance that is sticky and gross
Goo	gross  sticky  smelly  green  
Goo	Is sticky  is green  is slimy  is hard to removes  is wet  is gross  seeps out of holes and cracks  is nasty  is pasty  is smelly.
Goo	slimey  blobby  icky looking  no shape  feels weird
Goo	a gooey substance  a green color  not something people want to touch
Goo	nose  snot
Goo	A green  sticky  slimy blob.  The movie the blob comes to mind.
Goo	slime
Goo	Used to describe a substance that is slimy  not liquid but not solid  normally a gross feeling and color.
Goo	goo goo dolls  nasty green stuff
Goo	is sticky  has the consistency of snot  sounds gross  is something children are interested in.
Goo	slimmy  gross  green  wet  the sound babies make
Goo	something gross or something that is slimy
Have	Element of extreme heat that causes objects to burn. Hot. Destructive. Sparks  flame  scorching  dangerous.
Have	Hot  red  blue  orange  associated with heat  burns  created from dryness  spark
Have	possession of  an acquired item  in stock
Have	clothes  food  room  bed  important
Have	own  obtain  hold  talent  having skills  want.
Have	To own something  or to carry it in your possession. 
Have	Nice things 
Have	shows possession  used to describe an action one has or has not committed 
Have	to own or possess  i have lots of socks etc  aids  the flu  all things you might own or possess
Have	to own  to possess something 
Have	ownership  containing
Have	to be in possession of something  yours
Have	To contain something in your possession  to own it or be holding it or possessing it
Have	to be able to hold
Have	want  need  desire
Have	is essential  is already there
Have	Own  get  necessary 
Have	Things acquired 
Have	when something belongs to a person
Have	Ownership  obtain either permanently or for an alloted time   in your possesion
Have	the thing that I own 
Have	to possess something  in your name  to call yours
Have	to posses  own  take pride in  not something given 
Have	to posses  
Have	shows ownership: i have that  also shows wants: I have to have that  possesive  past tense of an action: i have done that before  future tense: i have to do that assignment  can sound like half when pronounced where the f makes a v sound
Have	want  need  buy  have too much  greedy
Have	got
Have	possess  need to do something  own 
Have	Position  
Have	to own  yours  to keep something
Have	to own or attain. to hold or possess a person  thing  talent  idea. You can "have" something abstract like feelings  emotions  ideas. Or you can have a dog  sweater  etc.
Have	get  hold  had  possess  accept  receive  to take  got
Have	mine  own  possession  obtain
Have	obtain
Have	to possess  something that you own  a command word to get your point across
Have	to be given  fortunate
Have	have something  need  want  have to have something  have done something  word  past tense  verb.
Have	is used to describe possession  can be used to descibe both personal possession or others' possesions  is used in present tense conversations or to describe future possessions (i have this  i will have that)
Have	gain  get  keep  spend  try  don't
Have	to possess something
Have	is a verb  shows possession  alludes to ownership  
Have	to want something or something that you already own
Have	everything you own  is a verb
Have	to be in possession of something  can be something that is an idea rather than an actual item  ex: having faith  
Have	Something that someone owns or has in their possession. It belongs to someone. Or and obligation  something that someone has to do. 
Have	love  purchase  own   name
Have	consume  own  can call your own  has your name on it  only yours  in your possession
Have	something that belongs to you  being able to call something yours  something that is not lost
Have	denotes ownership  can be used as a giving word-you can have this  
Have	is a helping verb  shows something from the past
Have	money  rich  lucky  well-off  business-men
Have	Rich
Have	
Have	Aquired  recieved  
Have	something in possession  a trait 
Have	to posses  can be used in a question "Have you.....??" 
Have	a word used to show possession
Have	part of speech  possesive  verb  action
Have	In your possesion 
Have	ipod  computer  friends  
Have	to obtain
Have	Got
Have	a possession of yours.
Have	to possess something
Have	own something  want to own something  
Have	to own something  to be keeping something  to be in possession of something  or to be in ownership.
Have	associated with owning something  used in sentences
Have	to own  if something is yours  to physically hold something  to contain a certain trait
Have	money  food  shelter  have done  to own
Have	Meaning you possess something.  When you have something it's yours.
Have	to control something
Have	To keep and not have to return whatever is given to you back to the original owner. 
Have	obtain  belonging to
Have	is also a verb. shows ownership. 
Have	to hold  to owns
Have	to own  to take
Headache	A person who takes charge  a king  a queen  government officials  executives  CEOs  board members  Student Council  prime ministers  Presidents  Martin Luther King Jr  Napoleon  Julius Caesar.
Headache	not follower  in charge  the boss  sets the standard  instructs people  responsibility  the head 
Headache	painful  result of stress  prevents sleep  
Headache	ouch  bad  allergies  sick  annoying  pounding  medicine  
Headache	advil  brain  pain  annoying  sick  head injury 
Headache	Pain in the head.
Headache	Ibuprofen 
Headache	pain experienced in the general region of the skull  can be caused by sinus pressure  can be caused by stress  lack of sleep  annoyance  or hunger  exeryone is susceptible to this ailment  ranges in pain  may be expereinced at any time  can typically be relieved through the use of pain killers  can be chronic
Headache	Pain in the head  can come due to many different things- heatstroke  dehydration  as a part of the flu  because you hit your head etc. Unpleasant and sometimes can be cured with a panadol.
Headache	your brain hurts  use tylenol or advil to relieve this  caused by stress  caused by getting hit in the head
Headache	affliction  a person that is annoying pain caused by stress
Headache	head hurts  brain  migraine  sleep  medicine
Headache	Throbbing pain  taking pain relievers
Headache	a throbbing pain in your head
Headache	it hurts  take painkillers  lay down  has pain
Headache	is painful
Headache	Pain  tablet  head
Headache	Constant  hurtful
Headache	pain in the forehead region
Headache	Dull pounding in the head  a stabbing pain in the temple  get better with drugs  are more common with some people  are caused by many different things  they suck  can be caused by stress
Headache	one kind of disease  come from drinking lots of alcohol 
Headache	pain in the head  caused by lack of sleep  being ill  stress
Headache	pain in the region of the skull  may be caused from pressure or lack of some addictive substance  unwanted  unpredictable  notification that something is off
Headache	migrane  discomfort  annoying  sensitivity
Headache	painful  tired  hungry  stressed
Headache	caused by hunger  caused by exhaustion  caused by weather  hereditary  migraines  
Headache	 Sick
Headache	pain in the head  caused sometimes by hitting your head or sometimes just random
Headache	Pain  sensitive
Headache	hurts  bump  ouch  pain  everyday  
Headache	Throbbing  pain in the head. Caused by stress  an impact  bright lights  loud music  alcohol  drugs  etc. Accompanies certain illnesses - flu  cold  etc. 
Headache	hurt  head  medicine  doctor  brain  compression  skull  migraine  pain  annoyance  
Headache	angry  kids  hangover  migrane  neurology  asprin
Headache	is something that people can get from caffeine withdraws   usually annoying  can be released from taking medicine
Headache	pain  aching  annoying  caused by colds or stress  common
Headache	a pain that a person has in their head  usually a person would take aspirin to make this go away  a severe for of this would be a migraine 
Headache	pain in head  migrains  pounding in the head  sleep  ibuprofen  tylenol  advil  reocurring headaches  result from hitting head  watching too much tv.
Headache	is a feeling  is painful  can take away from concentration  can be brought up by many different factors (ex. noise level  light intensity  stress)  symptom of a migraine
Headache	migrains  doesn't always go away  makes my head hurt  ugly
Headache	pain in the head region of the body  can be stabbing or dull  can be caused by stress  lack of sleep  or a blow to the head  can be dangerous if long lasting
Headache	is a pain  in your head  can be from loud noise  stress  hunger  menstration  can feel like pounding  painful  annoying  asprin
Headache	you dont feel well  pounding
Headache	sore head  annoying  irratating  sick feeling  frustrating
Headache	pain  migraine is the next worse pain  can be relieved by medicine such as ibuprofen  happens when you get stressed
Headache	Painful  normally bad mood a server aching or pain in the head can be caused by many many things. tylonol can be taken to help reduce the pain or medicine prescribed by a doctor. 
Headache	pain  stress  light  advil  sad  help
Headache	storms  aches  allergies  pills  sinus  migrane  concussion
Headache	a pain  can be caused by stress or lack of sleep  usually goes away after sleeping or taking medicines  can occur if enough caffeine is not received
Headache	pain  dull or sharp pain within the cranium which causes pain; light sensitivity sound sensitivity  figure of speech..giving me a headache.
Headache	is painful  is common  can be caused by stress  can be caused by other pain  can be caused by lack of sleep  is bad  causes moody behavior  affects behavior  everyone has one every now and then  can be felt in different areas of the head
Headache	Migraine  medicine  light-sensitivity  pain  head  irritating
Headache	Aspirin  sleep  pain
Headache	in the head  painful  pounding or throbbing  fixed with pain medicine
Headache	Painful  Comes from studying to much
Headache	pain in your head  can be taken away by aspirin or ibuprofen  caused from stress  hitting your head  hunger  or bad eyesight
Headache	hurts  in your head  when you are hungry  when you need more water  caffeine can inhibit or contribute to  my mom has  take tylenol or advil
Headache	a pain in the head  has many causes  can usually be eased by taking over the counter medication  can range from mild to severe  can be the symptom of a much larger problem  can be caused by dehydration
Headache	poudning  football  MMA  pinched nerve  concussion  confusing topic  lack of sleep  not enough food
Headache	Pain in the head  iburprofen
Headache	painful  migrant  tylenol  advil  
Headache	sucks  tylenol  excedrin
Headache	Tylenol
Headache	when your body doesn't feel well due to pain in your head
Headache	painful sensation in the head  unpleasant  
Headache	head hurting  ibprofeun  advil  alieve  migranes  light hurts eyes  sleep  
Headache	Throb  a pain  a dizziness  an ache  a constant pain  pain in eyes  pain in ears  loss of sight  and agony.
Headache	pain  can be fixed by medication  sometimes you go to the doctor for it
Headache	is a pain we get in our heads  can be treated with medication  happens for various reasons  sometimes the sign of getting sick or just tired or annoyed  an irritating thing
Headache	pain  Advil  
Headache	Painful.  An annoying feeling.  Tylenol.
Headache	head hurt  medicine
Headache	Pressure in the head  can be in different areas  caused by many things like stress  dehydration and other things.
Headache	pain  migrain  ibuprofen
Headache	is a pain in one's head  is throbbing  is from drinking too much  is from dehydration  is uncomfortable. is a term for an annoyance  "she's a headache."
Headache	Irritating  pounding  distracting  hurtful
Headache	can be located anywhere in the head/brain  due to lack of sleep can be a medical reason  sometimes due to being hungry
Honesty	a piece of fabric used for various purposes. Used to clean  used to make clothes  used as table covers  used to make blankets  sewn together  spun from wool or cotton.
Honesty	fabric  soft  flexible  made of thread  used to cover
Honesty	to tell the truth  abstaining from lies
Honesty	quality  useful  good  happy  parents  work  boss
Honesty	truth  good  nice  sweet  wise  God  church  parents  spouce.
Honesty	Telling the truth  the whole truth  and nothing but the truth.
Honesty	Respect 
Honesty	practice of telling the truth  a desired chracteristic  not specifically identified by one race or gender  not a material object
Honesty	truthful  trust  wholesome people have this  believable and good character
Honesty	to tell the truth  
Honesty	truth  is the best policy  honor
Honesty	truthful  not lying  some people are honest  receive respect
Honesty	Being loyal  always telling the truth  a good characteristic in a person
Honesty	truth no matter how difficult it is to say it
Honesty	truthful  no lies  gracious  friendly  keeps secrets  blunt
Honesty	is trust  is the best key to life
Honesty	close friend  truth  trust  good person
Honesty	Good to have  trustworthy
Honesty	not lying  telling the truth
Honesty	Being truthful  not hiding the truth  is the best policy  gets you into trouble  hard to find sometimes
Honesty	The thing that we want everyone has it in the relationship or work. 
Honesty	telling the truth  not lying  
Honesty	being truthful  no lies  straight forward  nothing hidden
Honesty	truthfullness  desireable quality  not as common as it used to be
Honesty	truthful  can be painfull but rewarding  provides freedom
Honesty	virture  rare  difficult to be  
Honesty	Secretariat
Honesty	not lying  speaking your mind the truth
Honesty	Friend  brother  trust
Honesty	truth  lies  good  friendships based on honesty 
Honesty	An esteemed characteristic of our society. Important in maintaining relationships  academic success and real world progress. Can cause emotional relief or pain. 
Honesty	trust  truth  lies  faithful  not being fake  integrity
Honesty	character  opposite of lying
Honesty	a quality where one person is honest  do not lie
Honesty	the best policy  sometimes hard to say  in some situations helps to maybe bend it when showing compassion  very important  better in the long run  can change peoples opinion of you  shows reliability 
Honesty	truthful  a great quality someone can possess 
Honesty	not lying  being truthful  good friend  quality in a person  something you look for in someone  sometimes hurtful  means alot  for the greater good.
Honesty	is an act  comes from humans  is the result of being truthful  can cause problems if there is a lack of honesty
Honesty	truthfulness  integrity  tell the truth  don't lie  honest  necessary
Honesty	a virtue that includes telling the truth when a person is tempted to lie
Honesty	is a character trait  is important in relationships  is telling the truth  is never lying  is keeping someone's trust
Honesty	not lying  truthful  good person
Honesty	is an adjective  is often misunderstood  normally people are  your paremts except you to be  governmening bodies are expect to have  found in most relationships  used in families
Honesty	Christians  following rules  academic honesty  friends and family should be honest  being honest in relationships  being honest to yourself and God
Honesty	Trustworthy  not telling lies  Abraham Lincoln  honesty is the best policy  honesty is a key part to any relationship  wether between parents and children  teacher and students or husband and wife. 
Honesty	fake  counselor  feelings  best friend
Honesty	Abraham Lincoln  truth  smart  responsible  policy  mature  hard to do
Honesty	the act of not lying  showing respect for others and yourself  can get you out of situations if you tell the truth  is something people look for in each other
Honesty	truth  morals  character
Honesty	can be considered to be the best policy  is important  should be used every day  is an abstract noun
Honesty	Truth  fairness  difficult  is a necessity  friends  parents
Honesty	loyalty  job  army  police 
Honesty	truthful  what really happened  opposite of lying
Honesty	Is the best policy  Is good
Honesty	personality trait  something highly valued  truthfulness  telling facts
Honesty	to be honest  truthful  a good quality in a friend or anyone  not lying  doing the right thing  sometimes hurtful
Honesty	a personality trait  the act of not lying  telling the truth  an admirable quality
Honesty	telling the truth  building trust  parents  best way to go  never hold anything back  valued relationships  strive to bring happiness
Honesty	Truth  trustworthy  oppsite of a liar  a likeable trait9+
Honesty	integrity  not lying  truth  
Honesty	no fun
Honesty	Integrity  myself
Honesty	the act of telling the truth in everything you do
Honesty	being truthful in all endeavors
Honesty	telling the truth  best way to go  sometimes it hurts  
Honesty	to be truthful  not to tell lies  not to be deceitful  to tell the truth  to be believable  and to be fair.  
Honesty	not lying  is a good characteristic to have
Honesty	telling the truth  not telling lies  not aftraid to tell it how it is  the right way to be towards people  a trait everyone should have
Honesty	good relationships  good friendships  telling the truth
Honesty	A valued characteristic of an individual. 
Honesty	truthful  not lieing
Honesty	To always tell the truth  and never lie. Good quality to have.
Honesty	truth  trust  
Honesty	is being truthful  is a good habit  is sometimes difficult  is a trait that most people look for in other people.
Honesty	telling the truth  being loyal
Honesty	trust  faithful  humble  goodness  confident in one self
Irregular	A type of food composed of many different vegetables with lettuce as a base. Dressing is often used on top.  An array of various fruits together can be a type. A mix of pasta and vegetables is another type.
Irregular	usually has lettuce  tomatoes  cucumbers  topped with dressing  vegetables  fruits  healthy  green
Irregular	not normal  not expected  out of order
Irregular	period  awkward  wierd
Irregular	not normal  out of schedule  out of place  out of order.
Irregular	Something that is different than normal. Not symmetrical. 
Irregular	not the normal 
Irregular	varies from the normal  can refer to a variety of different objects or state of being  adjective 
Irregular	out of the norm  different  special in some way  irregular or surprising  something that isn't in keeping with the rest of a domain 
Irregular	misshapen  something not right
Irregular	normal  opposite of regular  hit and miss
Irregular	not normal  different
Irregular	Not going as planned  something is odd
Irregular	something out of the normal
Irregular	weird  oddly shaped  broken  no meaning
Irregular	is not steadily the same
Irregular	Strange  unusual  abnormal  gay  over  against the rules
Irregular	Some peoples periods
Irregular	not regular  abnormal
Irregular	Not being regular  upset stomach  quirky  out of the norm  being different
Irregular	someone who is not organized or not good in the work.
Irregular	irregular heartbeat  irregular words  
Irregular	out of normal  not excepted  odd  unusual  unexpected  awkward
Irregular	out of the ordinary  not proper  flawed
Irregular	something out of the ordinary  not in line with normal customs or routines  can cause feelings of angst  different
Irregular	me  shapes  not normal  
Irregular	Odd
Irregular	not constant  varies  opposite of regular
Irregular	Strange  odd  not normal  
Irregular	period  not continuous  weird
Irregular	is not regular. Not apart of a normal pattern or routine. Not normal.
Irregular	no shape  unsymmetrical  uneven  disorderly  not normal  not smooth
Irregular	bowels  period  mood
Irregular	not normal
Irregular	doesn't happen often  not a regular pattern  happens rarely  opposite of regular  out of the norm
Irregular	not normal  weird  out of the usual 
Irregular	shape  not normal  creative  verbs  plurals  grammar  heartbeat.
Irregular	is out of the ordinary  can cause deformity  can cause high expenses (ex. diamonds are irregular  causing a high expense)
Irregular	oddly shaped  different  depends on how someone thinks  can be regular with change  doesn't fit in  isn't apart of the norm  strange  unique  can be normal if someone is used to irregular things
Irregular	does not fit a pattern  goes against a common trend  inconsistent with other objects or ideas in a group
Irregular	is out of the ordinary  can refer to many things like a heartbeat  a period  a verb in spanish
Irregular	something that isn't normal
Irregular	not normal  considered to be wrong  has a negative connotation
Irregular	irregular menstrual periods  something that is off beat  not regular  an act not an object
Irregular	Is not normal  not consistant with the norms of socitey. Not necessarily wrong but just different. Reminds me of irregular shapes or just misplaced.
Irregular	odd  irritating  different  no accepted. un conformist
Irregular	not normal  non uniform  alien  abnormal  unequal  unevenly spaced  disproportionate
Irregular	something that is not balanced  usually not common  a verb  can be referred to when a persons heart beat is not in sync
Irregular	odd  weird  not regular  out of the ordinary  uneven
Irregular	is an adjective  is not regular  is unwanted  is uncommon  is bad  is unpredictable
Irregular	unusual  pain  change  constipation  is not equilateral  doesn't belong
Irregular	breach  Uncontrolled
Irregular	uneven  not always at the same time  unexpected  
Irregular	Not consistant
Irregular	not a norm  odd  weird  unusual  something that doesn't fit in with other things
Irregular	offbeat  not normal  should be fixed  when you are constapated  activia will help  
Irregular	something that is not normal  not necessarily a bad thing
Irregular	not normal  prime integer combined with fraction  pi is an irregular number  weird in a sense
Irregular	Not regular
Irregular	period (menstrual cycle)  boys  girls  people in general  
Irregular	not normal
Irregular	regular
Irregular	not the normal response to something
Irregular	something sparatic
Irregular	not normal  off beat  
Irregular	not normal not right  when something is wrong  if something is out of place  if something does not feel right  if something is out of the norm  or if something is weird  or strange.
Irregular	used to describe something not normal  associated with lots of things like shapes
Irregular	not regular  inconsistant  off pace  unbalanced  just not the way it should be
Irregular	not normal  out of the norm
Irregular	Shapes.  Geometry.  My high school math teacher.
Irregular	not right  crooked
Irregular	Not regular  not like normal  can be bad or good depending on what it is describing.
Irregular	irregular bowel movements  odd  weird  irregular period
Irregular	is the opposite or regular  shows that something is not usual.
Irregular	Not the norm  Unwanted  off
Irregular	not the same  hit or miss  once in a while
Nature	To throw a fit  flailing arms and legs. Young children often do this when they do not get their way. Screaming  kicking  biting  scratching.
Nature	attitude  crying  visible attitude  associated with children  disappointment  need of attention  not acceptable in society 
Nature	green  trees  isolated  in danger from people  home to animals  outdoors  found everywhere
Nature	mother  trees  plants  camping  outside  happy  animals  flowers  picking  birds  anything outdoors  family  vacation
Nature	turtle  frogs  fish  outside  peaceful  trees  calm  water in a creek  birds singing  smell of fresh cut grass  camping  woods  hike  mountains  animals  creatures  safe  bears  food  picnic  stars  flowers  tree huggers  organic.
Nature	Everything around us. Usually considered everything not man-made  however  man is natural  therefore nature includes man-made things.
Nature	trees
Nature	used to describe a natural state  refers to things undisturbed by the work of man  a forest  a peaceful outdoor location  topic much discussed throughout history
Nature	the environment  a persons temperament  leaves  trees  flowers  water  wind  life  animals  movement
Nature	animals  forests  outdoors  trees  insects  beautiful  
Nature	God's gift  not messed with  unaltered  commonly found
Nature	natural  environment  animals  plants  bugs  trees  wind  sunshine  rain  thunder  lightening
Nature	Outdoors  trees  pathways  oak  hiking  people like to be there  creates a peaceful scenery 
Nature	trees  grass  animals  insects  water
Nature	is outside  beautiful  green  alive  circle of life
Nature	is plants  is animals  is outside
Nature	Environment  tree  sea  river  mountain
Nature	Leaves  trees  work
Nature	the natural parts of the world such as forests  oceans  and the animals that live there
Nature	Includes everything naturally made  trees  bodies of water  grass and ground  flowers  birds and the bees  insects  deforrestation  global warming
Nature	everything come from the sky or the thing that produced from the  earth 
Nature	outdoors  trees  rivers  oceans  grass  flowers  animals  butterflies  it could also mean like it is your nature to do something  do what you think is best. 
Nature	everything created naturally  were humans obtain their resources  trees  water  air  gives us seasons  creates oxygen 
Nature	raw materials  the way of a person  the great outdoors  beautiful  threatened by man  
Nature	outside  personality traits  smells clean and fresh  cold and hot  wet and dry
Nature	trees  beautiful  need to preserve  amazing  spiritual  feel connection to world through it
Nature	Living 
Nature	outside  trees  grass  plants  rivers  oceans  lakes  ponds  streams  clouds  sun  moon  animals  etc.
Nature	Outside  animals  green  trees  mountains  lakes     
Nature	grass  outside  cliffs  ocean
Nature	the great outdoors  is trees  grass  flowers  mountains  rain  the sky  dirt  earthquakes  tornadoes  the ocean  animals  etc.
Nature	environment  outside  animals  trees  grass  green  brown  buildings  material world  inborn  true  characteristic  
Nature	woods  animals  walk  trees  lake  rivers  tadpoles  hikes  caves  canoeing  hunting  fishing  birds  outside  camping  skunks  biking  trails  poison ivy  dirty  mudding
Nature	outside  commonly known as the woods or somewhere with no distractions
Nature	beautiful  we are unable to control it  filled with wonderful creatures and plants  natural  loved  green  mother nature
Nature	outdoors  usually people go on hikes through this  consists of animals and plants
Nature	nature vs. nurture issue in psychology  mother nature  weather  trees  wind  rain  snow  hail  lightning  thunder.
Nature	uninterupted outside environment  including trees  soil  ocean  lakes  ponds  precipitation  provides a habitat for lifeforms
Nature	allergies  makes me sneeze  gross  hot  sticky  wet
Nature	Includes all things that are not created by man  such as animals  mountains  and various plants
Nature	is outdoors  is birds  insects  and wildlife  is beautiful  is endangered  is destroyed by humans  is sacred
Nature	things that go on around us  outside  animals
Nature	refers to the outside  contains trees  flowers  grass  and bushes  natural  produces food  camping  is the large outdoors  many people like it  produces wood  produces fruits and vegetables  contains all animals
Nature	animals in natural habitats  clean air  no pollution  green plants  wild flowers  the jungle  rain forests  fishing  hunting  camping  floating  rafting
Nature	Green  fresh  revive  exercise  natural habitat  plants  animals  the beauty of nature. water  the ocean. nature is large  provides oxygen and food necessary for survival. Not man made. Natural  not to be messed with. The Jungle  rain forrest  dessert. 
Nature	green  woods  leaves  flowers  fresh air  beautiful
Nature	nurture  flowers  grass  trees  animas  genes  living things  outdoors  ever changing  seasons  human  personality trait
Nature	the environment  a place where the animals and people live  something not made by man  plants and trees grow here
Nature	earthly measure  the surroundings of outside such as trees  grass  etc. Nature vs. Nurture; the defining qualities of a person
Nature	is found everywhere  is found outside  involves plants such as trees  bushes  leaves  grass  flowers  etc.; is constantly put in danger by people  smells like grass  smells like flowers  sounds like chirping birds  involves ponds  rivers  and streams  is someone's personality
Nature	Woods  animals  plants  life  a personality trait  good  bad  fair  kind  habit
Nature	Beautiful  parks  forests  
Nature	outdoors  home of plants and animals and bugs  fresh air  outside city limits 
Nature	Is outside  Is changed by the weather
Nature	natural  occurences in the world  simplest form  can't be controlled  trees  water  wind  air
Nature	outside  pretty  waterfalls  squirelles  where the wild things are  the jungle  butterflies  temperature  can be dangerous  needs to be preserved
Nature	areas outside that have not been developed by people  trees  animals  plants  the state of the environment before human intervention alters it.  
Nature	relaxing  hunting  wild animals  lakes  forests  camp ground  bonfires  stars
Nature	Mother nature  the way things are suppose to go  out doors  animals
Nature	biological  trees grass  
Nature	is deteriorating  can be pretty  can be annoying.
Nature	Nurture  trees  animals
Nature	how we act as a human and where we came from outdoors  forest  ect
Nature	something that occurs without the influence of humans
Nature	outside  bugs  spiders  crickets  grass  trees  plants  green  brown  snow  muddy  wet  
Nature	outdoors  trees  grass  skies  birds  animals  fresh air  the forest  leaves that fall off of the trees  and wildlife.
Nature	outdoors  hiking  sunset
Nature	the world outside and all around us  trees  plants  animals  effects animals and people
Nature	wild  woods  animals  trees  grass  plants
Nature	Peaceful  beautiful  and perfect.  God created it all perfectly.
Nature	wild life  leaves  deer  trees
Nature	Trees and other plants  outside not in a building  surroundings can depend on location.
Nature	trees  plants  gardens  forests
Nature	a person's demeanor  or a term designated for the wild outdoors  usually a vegetated area with little urbanization.
Nature	beautiful  where animals live  peaceful  trees  flowers  colorful
Nature	fall  autumn  hiking birds  trees  grass  lakes  water  animals
Negative	To keep. Cherish. do not delete. To not get rid of such as records  computer files  instructions  pictures  keepsakes  
Negative	to keep  store  can be done on computers  helping someone or something  protect
Negative	not good  shows no sign of symptoms  
Negative	death  sad  bad grades  unenjoyable
Negative	down  bad  sad  mean  math  not positive  not fun to be around  dissapointing  bummer.
Negative	The opposite of positive. A charge. Used in chemistry to describe something with more electrons than normal.
Negative	doing something bad
Negative	describes an individual's attitude  describes feedback  describes charge  describes numbers  depicts debt  response to a question/command
Negative	a bad outcome  bad perspective  unhappy  unmotivating  less than zero  defines things such as temperature and numbers
Negative	being mean  opposite of positive  
Negative	opposite of positive  down
Negative	bad  down  depressed  sad
Negative	Negative integars  balances  below zero  minus sign
Negative	bad
Negative	mean  jerk  stupid  ugly  depressing  suicide
Negative	is in math  is not good
Negative	Degree  minus  nothing
Negative	Ugly  tiny numbers
Negative	not good  having a pessimistic attitude
Negative	Opposite of positive  type of space  energy  brings everyone else down  numbers
Negative	the side that we do not like in our life and always look for positive side. 
Negative	not nice words  feelings  or action towards others. you could have negative feedback from a professor or any person  bad things  like drink and drive  using drugs
Negative	mean  harsh  pesamistic  non-productive  rude  a number below zero  anion
Negative	unpleasant  penalty  having to do with electricity
Negative	opposite of positive  associated with bad feelings  pessimism  numbers less than zero
Negative	caused by stress  annoying  too much in society  
Negative	compiling 
Negative	opposite of positive  looking on the bad side 
Negative	Down  bad mood  upset  not good  
Negative	not good  hurtful  mean  bad
Negative	The opposite of positive. Unoptimistic  to bring down. Bad mood or negative mood. Not happy  sad or upset. Can also refer to scientific charges - negative charge of an electron. Magnetic field - negative field is attracted to positive field.
Negative	positive  bad  no good  refusal  disprove  unfavorable
Negative	opposite of postive  ions  attitude  film  people  choices
Negative	opposite of positive  can refer to a charge  an attitude  or a correlation
Negative	opposite of positive  debby downer  subtraction  losing something  does harm 
Negative	not positive  down
Negative	numbers  mood  attitude  tone  opposite of positive  multiplied by another negative is positive result  nancy  -  depressing  sad  unhappy.
Negative	is a subtraction  used to describe a thought or action that brings about poor emotions
Negative	no  don't  stop  not  fail
Negative	Numerical sense: a number that is less than zero Non-numerical sense: attitude where it is believed everything that could go wrong will indeed go wrong
Negative	is a math term  negative numbers are less than zero
Negative	not positive  rude
Negative	used to describe attitudes or numbers  considered to be bad to many people  less than zero  the oppsite of positive
Negative	mean people  closed minded people  negative charge (electrons)  pessimist  always sees the glass half empty   
Negative	bad  needs inprovement. Work in progress. wrong  misunderstanding the concept. Negative thoughts are bad thoughts  negative comments are hurtful. incorrect.
Negative	-  unhappy  depressed  frown  issues  problems  crisis
Negative	not good  criticism  non understanding  taking away  credit  debt  not having
Negative	the opposite of positive  using words that could bring someone down
Negative	math related as in -  anti  sad
Negative	is less than zero  is a type of integer  is used by doctors  is used by nurses  is used by math instructors  is used by math students  sounds bad or unwanted  can involve health tests  is the opposite of a positive
Negative	sad  depressing  a number below 0  attitudes  pessimism  debt
Negative	Frustration
Negative	opposite of positive  seeing the worst in everything or thinking whats the worst that can happen  
Negative	Not good  bad  
Negative	opposite of positive  not a good outlook  unattractive charge  not upbeat
Negative	bad  connotes negative meaning  minus symbol in math  many degrees in celcius  is a word  
Negative	a number that is less than zero  is a positive number when multiplied by another negative
Negative	math  attitudes  not people I like to be around  jerks
Negative	Opposite of positive  usually bad  not gaining  subtraction
Negative	pessimistic  party pooper  
Negative	math  sucking
Negative	Positive
Negative	expressing denial to something
Negative	moving to the left  something bad  a potential in in electrical charge.
Negative	pesimistic  down  debbie downer
Negative	opposite of positive  to be unhappy  to be sad  to be angry  to think of the glass as half empty  to have a low outlook on things  to be a downer  to put off things  to think for the worst  to be in a bad mood  to be upset  and to take things out on others.
Negative	opposite of positive  description word for charged proton  when a person is not being positive
Negative	opposite of positive  looking at the bad side of things  not uplifting  glass half empty
Negative	attitude  negative nancy  
Negative	Below zero.  Cold temperatures.  Rude  hurtful comments.
Negative	to not think good
Negative	Opposite of positive  sign for math terms  someone that looks more at bad things then good.
Negative	wrong  bad
Negative	is a piece of film on which is an image  which can become a photograph. is a bad attitude. is used in math  shows that numbers are not positive  that they are below zero. is used to show a very cold degree of temperature.
Negative	down  glass half empty  finds the bad in peopleand situtations
Negative	can be a term found in math  a person who is pessimistic who always sees the glass half empty
Pilot	A drink people use to wake up  caffeine-filled  it is a stimulant  many people put cream or sugar in it  some drink it black  foldgers is a popular brand  it is most commonly consumed in the morning. 
Pilot	drink  served hot and cold  caffeine  dark  chocolate  cocoa  beans  found at cafes
Pilot	flies planes  went to college if professional  bad work hours
Pilot	movie  show  plane  dangerous  directions  traveling
Pilot	plane  captain  in charge  nice  directing  sky  air  clouds.
Pilot	One who flies a plane. The first episode of a tv series used to test the series. The flame that is always lit on many gas appliances.
Pilot	Airplane 
Pilot	refers to an individual who is capable of flying an airplane  helicopter  jet  etc.  typically wears a uniform when on duty  can be male or female  must undergo specific training to be certified the first epidsode of a tv show series  an introduction to the series  typically heavily advertised and anticipated
Pilot	flies planes  directs or drives something  is in control  the captain
Pilot	flies planes  helicopters  goes through training  
Pilot	control  captain  airplane  
Pilot	driver of an airplane  leader  in control  guide
Pilot	A man or a woman  someone who is driving a plane  sometimes dressed in blue
Pilot	someone who went to school to learn how to fly a plane
Pilot	flies a plane  has "wings"  goes through school  has a co-pilot
Pilot	drives a plane  is also called a caption
Pilot	Airplane  leader  captain  trip
Pilot	Airplane  turbulence  crashing  bad drivers  skies  blue  clouds  birds  Puerto Rico  Alaska
Pilot	the person who flies a plane
Pilot	Runs an aircraft  is highly regarded  must go to school for a long time  has a specific license  aerodynamics  fly everything from toy airplanes to rocketships
Pilot	the driver of the plane or the person who can give information of the place. 
Pilot	flyer of the plane  usually the person in charge  
Pilot	person  aviator  trained  experience  
Pilot	aviator  war heros  highly skilled and trained
Pilot	person that drives a plane  can be a man or woman  must have a pilot's license to fly  air force  can fly jets  can be a career  can be dangerous
Pilot	controls lots of buttons  plane  clouds  complicated job
Pilot	captain
Pilot	flies a plane  jet  helicopter
Pilot	Plane  flight  vacation  fun  exciting  
Pilot	plane  peanuts  set belt sign  hat  wings
Pilot	One who flies planes. Commercial jets  fighter pilot  personal jets  etc. Wears a uniform  travels often. Weather  clouds  sky  emergency procedures. parachutes. 
Pilot	planes  trains  man  captain  guide  lead  steer  conduct
Pilot	plane  helicopter  medical needs  airport
Pilot	the person who in charge of flying a plane
Pilot	flies planes  my friends dad is one of these  gave Jesus over to the people to be crucified
Pilot	someone who flies and airplane
Pilot	airplane  controls  flying  sky  jobs  travel  training  flyer of the plane  license.
Pilot	the person who flies an airplane  is dressed nicely  can be a male or a female  is highly trained  is responsible for hundreds of peoples' lives if it is a large airplane can also be used to describe a leader  describes a first (ex. first episode of TV series is called a pilot)
Pilot	planes  delta airlines  failures  fall asleep in the cockpit
Pilot	directs vehicles or objects  could be airplanes  helicopters  warships
Pilot	is a brave person  flies a plane  defies gravity 
Pilot	plane  flying
Pilot	flies planes  usally a male  keeps the people on a plane safe  has training 
Pilot	TV show's first episodes are called "pilots"  airplane pilots  responsibility  formal  smart  brave
Pilot	Airplains  flying  navigation. Avaiation schooling. 
Pilot	tv shows  plane  training   up  and away  crash  9/11
Pilot	plane  leader  in charge  intercom  light  new television series
Pilot	someone who drives an airplane  a person who operate a ship or aircraft  must have a license 
Pilot	flight personnel on aircraft  the first episode of a show  a pilot light  to control something  a type of gas station  and a lighter/fuel brand
Pilot	directs airplanes  is a person  is in charge  is the first episode of a television show
Pilot	Light  plane  to operate  leader  is a person  helmet  inside a cockpit
Pilot	Plane  traveling  airport  country  seat belts
Pilot	flies planes  
Pilot	Flies planes  wears a helment
Pilot	steers  in control of a plane  takes charge  important  heroic
Pilot	flies a plane  has a uniform  lands a plane  sits in the cockpit  must be certified  talks to passengers  make bad husbands (so iv heard)  fly in air force
Pilot	a person who has been specially trained and licensed to fly airplanes  a profession  a lot of responsibility  typically works with a partner  can be for large or small planes
Pilot	guy  quagmire  wings  planes  Leonardo D'acaprio
Pilot	Flys a plane  knows a lot about planes
Pilot	plane  flying  high  clouds  
Pilot	flys plane  flys helo  and military.
Pilot	first episode to t.v. show  airplane
Pilot	the first episode of a new series on t.v. a person who is in control of flying a plane
Pilot	Flies and aircraft  a test show for a new tv series
Pilot	first show of a new show  someone who flies a plane  
Pilot	someone who flies in a plane  driver of the plane  operator of planes  aircraft worker  wears a uniform  flies in the air  knows a lot about air flight  a person  and operates heavy machinery. 
Pilot	flys a plane  is a person  studied at school  stereotyped as a man  boss of the plane
Pilot	is someone who flies planes  they have gone through school and training  has to know what they are doing  is responsible for all of the passengers on a plane
Pilot	auto pilot  plane  airplane attendants  co-pilot  
Pilot	War.  The movie Pearl Harbor.  
Pilot	driver of airplane
Pilot	Flyer of plane  controls plane
Pilot	airplanes
Pilot	is an occupation  is a person  is a person in charge of flying planes.
Pilot	smart  flies a plane  dressed in a uniform
Pilot	flys a plane  is in charge  many years of training  can be found in airports  
Positive	An event or events that have occurred prior to the present time. Events that make up one's history. Yesterday  last month  last year  last decade  B.C. World War II  September 11  2001  The American Revolution  The Louisiana Purchase.
Positive	opposite of future  gone  done with  time that has already passed  memories
Positive	happy  shows signs of symptoms  not letting something get you down
Positive	happy  good  experiences  family  shopping  people
Positive	negative  optimistic  happy  cheerful  happy go lucky  never a bad day  math.
Positive	A charge. In chemistry  used to describe something that has less electrons than normal.
Positive	goals
Positive	a feeling of confidence or hope  used to desribe an individual  used to describe a situation  can describe a charge  describes a type of feedback  describes a type of reinforcement  adjective
Positive	a good outcome or event  promoting  step forwards  winning
Positive	opposite of negative  upbeat  happy  used when encouraging
Positive	uplifting  opposite of negative  glass half full  looking for the best
Positive	good  positive numbers
Positive	Something that has a good outcome  a plus sign  a number above zero 
Positive	upbeat attitude  letting someone know what they did was good
Positive	is happy  smiles  high self esteem  energetic  enthusiastic
Positive	is good  is in math
Positive	Good  more  extra
Positive	Good  happy  numbers
Positive	good  having an optimistic attitude
Positive	Opposite of negative  type of space  brings up morale  makes people happy  numbers  feedback inspires individuals to do better
Positive	the good side and the side the all people looking for. 
Positive	to be happy  cheerful  laughing  spreading good words to the people around you  good outlook on life
Positive	optomistic  bright side of things  open minding  used mathmatically to determine the direction of something  cations  two negatives create  
Positive	uplifting  rewarding  pleasant  having to do with electricity
Positive	teachers  smiley faces  friends  is a feeling
Positive	attitudes  equals happiness  hard to maintain  makes people like you
Positive	Great
Positive	opposite of negative  looking on the bright side 
Positive	Happy  good mood  glass is half full  
Positive	happy  good  feeling  
Positive	Good  healthy  opposite of negative. A mood  to be happy or have an optimistic outlook on things. Can refer to an electronic charge or a magnetic field.
Positive	negative  compliment  plus sign  acceptance  confident  quality  
Positive	attitude  thoughts  objects  people  opposite of negative  choices  ions
Positive	can be referenced to a charge  an emotion  or a correlation.
Positive	opposite of negative  plus sign  goes up  shows happiness  helps brighten your day and the day of those around you  being sure of something
Positive	not negative  up
Positive	opposite of negative  attitude  thought  number  happy  looking up  staying strong  feeling  HIV  disease  people.
Positive	is an addition  is used to describe an action or object that is good
Positive	yes  go  green  win  A+
Positive	In a numerical sense  a number greater than zero In a non-numerical sense  an optimistic attitude  someone who thinks or says that events will end in a way that is beneficial or good 
Positive	is an attitude  positivity causes smiles and happiness  happy people are positive  to be a teacher you should be positive  positive reinforcement encourages
Positive	 good things  stay pumped
Positive	represents an attitude  repesents a number  what most people tend to be   is consider to be good
Positive	proton(positive charge)  happy go lucky  always sees the glass half full  always smiling  good intentions 
Positive	Correct. the right answer. a positive. anything between positive one and infinity. A positive image is a good one. a good thing.  A positive attitude is a good thing.
Positive	smile  reward  good grades  +  smiley face  green
Positive	debit  good  optimistic  plus  surplus  in the right direction  happy  fulfilling
Positive	the opposite of negative  usually words that lift up a persons self esteem  the act of enforcing kind words on another person
Positive	positive electrical currents  opposite of negative  upbeat  optimistic  happy  good mentality
Positive	is above zero  is the opposite of negative  sounds happy  sounds upbeat  is a type of integer  is used by doctors  is used by nurses  involves health tests  is used by math instructors  is used by math students
Positive	happiness  growing  optimism  a number above 0  good  pleasant  rewarding 
Positive	Helpful  good  trust
Positive	opposite of negative  good mindset  always think the best of everything
Positive	Is Good  Makes you happy  Encourages similar behavior
Positive	not negative  good feelings  upbeat  high morale  very sure about things  attractive charge
Positive	+ in math  good connotation  yay  how i feel when i sleep in  a good mood  
Positive	a number that is greater than zero.  a thing that is considered to be pleasant  good side of something
Positive	math  attitudes  thinking  re-embersment  psycology
Positive	What people try to be in bad times  opposite of negative  a gain  plus
Positive	optimistic people  myself  batteries  
Positive	math  outcome
Positive	Optimism  Negative
Positive	a way of expressing happiness or confidence
Positive	keeping a good attitude  One end of a battery or electrical charge
Positive	upbeat  optimistic  happy  glass half full
Positive	to be happy  enthusiastic  to smile  to laugh  to be joyous  opposite of negative  to have a good outlook  to be prepared to take on things  to have the glass half full  to think the best  and to stay in a good mood. 
Positive	opposite of negative  happy  looking on the bright side
Positive	a good attitude  opposite of negative  good spirited  looking at the bright side of things
Positive	positive attitude  positive score  good  negative
Positive	Bubbly personality.  Kindness and picking someone who is down up.
Positive	correct  good attitude
Positive	The opposite of negative  can describe if you are pregnant. Someone who looks on the bright side of things can be described as positive.
Positive	good  upbeat  happy  optimistic
Positive	the opposite of negative. describes a good mood. 
Positive	happy  the glass is half full  upbeat  cheering people up
Positive	optimistic  rose colored glasses  pleasant  encouraging  can be used to define equations
Six	A material made from an array of other materials. Clear  partially malleable. Recyclable  often wasted  bottles are made of this  packaging.
Six	used for containers  clear  white  durable  flexible  hard  protective
Six	before seven  after five  bottom of clock  dinner time
Six	number  children  quantity  age  weeks  months years  decades  toes  fingers  hairs  brand  type  
Six	age  first grade  3+3  numbers.
Six	The number after five. Afraid of seven.
Six	pack abs
Six	a number  an amount  a monetary value  related to various movie titles 
Six	a number  comes before 7-infinity and comes after 0-6. Positive number  the number denotes many things and describes many things
Six	number  describes age  weight  height  
Six	number  half dozen
Six	number  upside down nine
Six	A number  one more than five and one less that seven  even number  a multiple of 3 and 2
Six	number
Six	a number
Six	is a number  
Six	Number
Six	A number
Six	a number
Six	Legs on insects  an age  morning and evening  dinnertime  number of Converse I own  Six Flags theme park
Six	is the relationship between couple 
Six	a number  even number  biggest amount on a dice
Six	four less than ten  product of 2 and 3  sum of 4 and 2  quotient of 12 and 2  difference of 8 and 2  half a dozen
Six	half-dozen  one more than five  typical dinner time
Six	children  losing first tooth  learning to read  kindergarten  feelings of independence  divisible by three and two
Six	devil  favorite number  
Six	Even
Six	is a number  referred to as half a dozen  comes after five and before seven
Six	Number
Six	number  round and straight  between 5 and 7
Six	A number that comes after 5 and before 7. 
Six	number  five  seven  things  people  many  counting  dollars  change  money  accounting  questions
Six	comes after five and before seven  a number  a digit  an age  June  day
Six	a whole number in between five and seven
Six	more than five  less than 7  part of a math joke  an even number part of the multiplication numbers  the 6th sense  single digit number
Six	one more than 5  can be found on a number line
Six	number  sixth sense  divisions in the MLB  NFL  and NHL  touchdown  points  all real numbers.
Six	is a number  can be shown as a numeral (6)(VI)
Six	a number  comes before secen  comes after 
Six	a number  numerical value halfway between five and seven
Six	is a number  is after five  is before seven  descriptive  is three letters  has an x which is uncommon  
Six	the number  how many of something that you have
Six	a number  considered to be small  can be taken in different measures
Six	the devils number  there is 6 people in my family  number of classes I am taking  6 is a number that is relative to a lot of aspects in my life
Six	A number  upside down nine. one more than 5 one less than 7. mathamatical function. 
Six	flags  sex  john and kate + 8  middle school
Six	half a dozen  number  larger than 5  smaller than 7  even number  square root of 36
Six	the number in between 5 and 7  part of the English numerical system  
Six	VIII  half a dozen  number after 5 and before 7  sex  seis  half of twelve  two times 3  etc.
Six	is a number  is positive  is a single digit  is composite  is even  is divisible by three  is divisible by two
Six	is a number  comes before 7 and after 5  contains a circle
Six	Number
Six	a number that comes after 5 and before 7
Six	Comes after Five and before Four
Six	number  not prime  even  one digit  one syllable  six faces to a di  in the ones place
Six	between 5 and 7 and continues incrimently so... SIXteen  twentySIX etc
Six	a number  a half dozen  an even number
Six	number  even  half is three  how many meals I eat a day  time I eat dinner  hate ranomly waking up at this time  years old  o'clock  siblings  objects
Six	Number  number after five  an even number
Six	comes after 5  and before 7  time  click  
Six	number  strings on guitar
Six	Seven  Number
Six	a number after 5 and before 7
Six	a number that comes after 5
Six	number  
Six	a number  comes after five  comes before seven  shaped like an upside down nine  three of them is bad  squiggly number and is a small number. 
Six	is a number  found in telephone numbers
Six	is a number  comes before seven and after five  a multiple of 3
Six	original six  jerseys
Six	A terrible number.  One less that the number of completeness.  7
Six	comes after 5  before 7  a number
Six	the number before 7 and after 5. Repeated 3 times can represent the devil.
Six	after five before seven
Six	is an integer  is a positive number  is a number to show that there is one more than five of something. a time on a clock. 
Six	the number  comes before seven but after five
Six	a nuber that comes after five and before seven
Study	When an entire species is no longer living. Dinosaurs  saber-tooth tigers  woolly mammoths  human interference is often a cause.
Study	Gone  over  no longer existing
Study	a lounge  an office  personal library
Study	hard  homework  good grades  all night  food  time  computer
Study	College  test  high school  smart  cramming  quiz  homework  books  teachers  education  grades  hard work  time consuming  library  desk  pencil/paper.
Study	A room  usually in larger houses  similar to a personal office. 
Study	Homework
Study	an act  an effort to better one's knowledge in a particular subject  restrict on time  limited to individuals driven to excel in a subject  better or enhance knowledge
Study	for exams  for tests  could be a place to do work
Study	place to read  has many books  has a desk  like an office  place to relax
Study	classes  tests  knowledge  learning  understanding
Study	learn material  look at things  perform experiments
Study	Books  study groups  note cards
Study	go over knowledge untill memorized
Study	uses notes  makes notecards  creates powerpoints  reads books  answers questions
Study	is needed to pass a test  is a good habit to get into
Study	Subject  school  student  hard work  college  books  pens  classes  university
Study	Psychology  homework  stressful  pressure  grades  time
Study	to look over something with the goal of memorizing or retaining the information
Study	Review notes  use flashcards  look over materials  read chapters  helps to learn the material  used as a tool for doing well on tests and in a class  can be very different depending on the subject
Study	the thing that we have to do to achieve our goals in this life and get good job
Study	for test  quizzes  homework  to do well in school  to succeed as a person  writing papers  taking notes listening in class  watching a film or a production
Study	devote  practice  rewiew  analyse  critic  devleop
Study	survey  question  examine  look for answers
Study	feels hard at times  often feel pressure to study  related to school and tests  can cause stress  can be done in groups or alone  often at a library  desk  or quiet place
Study	college  psychology  research  
Study	Working 
Study	reading  reviewing  usually done before a test  room in a home
Study	Test  homework  school  work  IQ  
Study	books  college  long time
Study	spending time learning and committing to memory a subject  lesson  information  etc. Done for classes and schooling to maintain high grades and pass exams and quizzes. Done for the pure enjoyment of learning. A room - "the Study."
Study	boring  library  books  test  exam  quiz  research  learn  knowledge  school  memorize
Study	college  books  teachers  lectures  tests  library  computer  dictionary  notebooks
Study	a place in a house  usually containing books and a desk
Study	is helpful  sharpens our mind  can be done in groups  is used to increase our chance of success  can be boring  usually procrastinated  beneficial
Study	to implement a further understanding of what you already know  to memorize or to observe something or someone 
Study	tests  homework  cramming  research based expirement  math  psychology  public speaking  political science  first year foundations.
Study	is an area  is quiet  used for research  is comfortable  usually contains desk  paper  chair(s)  books  etc
Study	psycology  science  math  college  read  hate  dislike
Study	survey or experiment to find information  usually includes volunteer subjects  should use random sampling to prevent bias  often includes questionnaires for subjects to fill out
Study	is something you do  is done by students  its done before tests  quizzes  etc.
Study	to go over material for a test
Study	considered to be boring  required for learning  often ascociated with test  can be considered boring  often refers to a long amount of time
Study	intense memorization and understanding of material you are responsible for learning about  usually done before tests  quiz's  or exams
Study	To learn something new  normally a significant amount of time is spent on learning this. 
Study	headache  late  grades  library  notes  stress
Study	test  notes  hours  memorization  focus  room  books  computer  stressful  research
Study	the act of getting to know a material  usually done every night by students recommended to do before a test 
Study	a dreaded necessity  activity done with books  materials  or groups of people; scientific study  psychological study; the way a person can study another person or object to identify it or understand it.
Study	is a part of research  is a part of an assignment  is done in order to see correlations between variables  is a common duty for psychologists
Study	read  memorize  learn  observe  a private place  books  surveys
Study	University  homework  book  pin.
Study	a performance that puts ideas in your mind and helps you remember  usually study for a test or study to better learn something
Study	Is boring  Helps make grades better  
Study	look over notes for courses  done before a test  helps to retain information
Study	important  what i was doing earlier  necessary for test and good grades  didnt do much in high school  huge in college  what the library is for  
Study	a room in a house that typically is used for work  quiet  holds a desk  often has a computer
Study	hard  learn concepts  school  tests  good grades  bad grades  note cards  powerpoints  notes  text book
Study	College  school  done before test  helps you understand what you learned better  time  important to grades  study groups
Study	procrastination  psychology  school  sleep  
Study	books  school
Study	homework  tedious
Study	to use your knowledge and learn new things often being tested on it later.
Study	boring
Study	read  do homework  tests  
Study	for a test  for an exam  for research  to go over information previously learned  to better obtain information  to get statistics  to learn more about something  to be able to better understand certain subjects  and to re-read previous information and take notes. 
Study	helps get better grades  usually involves reading  is done by students
Study	to read  to memorize  to look over mater  is something people do  has to be done for school  helps people to learn  is a must to get good grades
Study	homework  test  quizes  school  papers
Study	College life.  Studying helps you learn and retain more information.
Study	read  notes
Study	To go over information to memorize it and remember it for a long period of time. 
Study	library  books
Study	is a tool in psychology  shows trends  is used to find information on certain subjects/people  is conducted by researchers.
Study	to learn something  to work hard  to understand
Study	to take time to look over to read  to devote oneself to something greater
Style	being recognized for a great accomplishment  feeling of fulfillment  not easily obtained  special  something to be proud of.
Style	praise  reputation  is good  is associated with a good deed or job  claim of an excellent action
Style	type of art  type of music  type of activity  personalization
Style	girls  houses  pretty  amazing  crafty  designs  curtains  clothes  shoes  belts
Style	fashion  shopping  clothes  shoes  statement  shoes  boots  one of a kind  good looking  expensive  trendy.
Style	The general look of something. Could be good or bad. Could be used to describe similarities in many different things.
Style	Hair cut 
Style	an individual's preferance towards a particular type of clothing  a way of expression  can describe a type of music  can describe a how an individual wears their hair  varies based on race  gender  and culture
Style	fashionable  groovy  type of look  personality  way of moving
Style	fashionable  wear nice clothes  
Style	fashion  personality  looks  beauty  contemporary  classic  automobiles
Style	fashion  car style  bike style  writing  reading  hair
Style	Fashion  New York  Magazines  it can be put anywhere like in a living room or a bedroom
Style	what people do to express themselves
Style	clothes  preppy  athletic  gothic  emo  skater  nerdy  dancer  hip hop  rap  music  attitude
Style	is a fashion sense  is by the decade  is always changing
Style	Fashion  method  life  own thought  design
Style	Fashion  clothing
Style	The way a person presents themselves  for example the way they dress
Style	Similie of fashion  different types  relates personality  way to express yourself  writing styles  unique spin off of something common
Style	kind of something
Style	car  hair  clothing  style of writing  
Style	fashion  unique to each  cause of judgement 
Style	fads  particular way of doing things
Style	comes from magazines  personal preference  different for everyone  fashion  used to fit in or stand out
Style	clothes  hair  makeup  pressure to keep up with
Style	Beautiful 
Style	form  way of dressing  way of expressing yourself
Style	Hip  in-crowd  cool    
Style	hippies  fashion  hipster  grung  bumpty hot
Style	One's particular look or fashion. The way in which something is done or achieved. "a style of painting or drawing."
Style	clothes  fashion  type  decorative  design
Style	clothes  hair  car  decorating  personality
Style	the type of clothes that one wears
Style	a sense of fashion  a general idea of something  something that designates a certain genre or stereotype of people or opinions  something that can be taken too seriously  has to much weight in society  can help define a person
Style	a theme  tends  patterns  can be reoccurring
Style	clothing  lifestyle  shoes  haircut  sunglasses  brand name  swagger  ralph lauren  buckle jeans  nike  hurley.
Style	is the way an object or person looks  is the way a person expresses themselves in clothing or personality  is the way a building is constructed  is very different among individuals
Style	trendy  innovative  object  changes from person to person  can be really ugly  can be difficult  doesn't please everyone  changes with the times
Style	slight artistic deviance from other objects of its kind  sets apart an object or a person  defines object or a person
Style	is an expression of one's personality  is how one speaks  dresses  dances  writes  sings  tells a story  wears their hair  decorates their room 
Style	clothing  way someone dresses or way that people do things
Style	often used to describe what is popular at the time  ascociated with fashion  many different types for different situations
Style	the way a person presents themselves to the public  personal style  style's aren't always considered "fashionable"  materialistic people strive to be stylish
Style	Personal style. How one dresses or acts. who that person hangs out with. Their personal preference. 
Style	cool  individual  personality  personal thoughts and feelings  opinion
Style	personality  fashion  individual  trendy  shopping  stores  hair  clothes  makeup
Style	a type of magazine  a person can be considered to have a good sense of style if they wear cute clothes and are hip  usually found in teens and celebrities
Style	something desired by many  can refer to clothing  architecture  hair  automotives  and just about anything.
Style	describes a type of art  describes a type of writing  is the currently popular clothing trend
Style	to arrange  clothing  fashion  its "in" or or "out of"  description of how you do something
Style	Dresses  forms  beautiful
Style	how something looks whether it pertain to clothes  makeup  hair  font  etc. A form of what is popular "what's in style"
Style	constantly changes
Style	a type of thing  way of life  particular to each person  object  or group  can be classified
Style	fashion  unique  a magazine  individualized  can tell you about a persons hobbies or personality  can change on a regular basis  ex: boho chic  sexy  athletic  comfy  hobo... 
Style	an individuals choice in clothing  accessories  and hair cut  can be mainstream or be used as an expression of uniquness  dependant on personal preferences  also denotes the industry that is involved in the production of clothing and accessories  the industry is based out of Milan  Paris and New York
Style	clothes  fashion  girls are good with  color coordinated  hair  glasses  jeans  accessories  purses  bags  jackets
Style	Clothes  swag  personal  trends  fads
Style	fashion  vogue  Ugly Betty  
Style	cool
Style	fashion
Style	a way of expressing yourself through clothing  writing and many other things in life.
Style	The appearance of something
Style	cute  instyle  bad  
Style	Is fashionable  is unique  found in clothing  found in homes  colors  shapes  coordinating looks  matching  having good taste  and looking good. 
Style	varies with people  can be related with fashion
Style	is the way people dress or decorate  many different types  is based on opinion  has no right or wrong way to it
Style	hair  clothes  fashion  accessories
Style	Runway  America's Next Top Model.  Clothing and skinny models.
Style	everyone has their own  swag
Style	Color  design  of something or someone  everyone's can be different  can be good and bad.
Style	fashion  writing style
Style	is a person's sense of their apperance  concerning the clothes and hairstyles one wears. the way a person does something repeatedly ("it's just my style"). 
Style	represents who you are  clothing  shoes  hair  make up 
Style	a way to express ones self  can be contemporary or out of date
Summary	A place for learning. Math  English  Social Studies  Science  A student's environment  led by a teacher.
Summary	place  place of teachers and students  a room  where learning takes place
Summary	lists the relevant information  end of chapter  back of book  beginning of novel
Summary	breif  quick  easy  happy  book  study  consume  rap-up
Summary	Short  paper  review  summarize  outline  paper  report  project  story.
Summary	A shorter version. The important parts of something  usually a written piece.
Summary	Conclusion 
Summary	shortened version of a longer presentation  essay  story  etc.  short anaylsis 
Summary	conclusions  to condense something giving the main ideas or point  an overview  
Summary	to give the main points of something
Summary	condensed version  highlights  per tenant information 
Summary	short description of something  shorten version of something
Summary	Something shortened and easy to explain and understand
Summary	overview
Summary	a paper  an ending
Summary	is a brief descreption  is a rough draft
Summary	Essay  brief  short  subject
Summary	Paper  short stories
Summary	to take information and put it in your own words  shortened 
Summary	To conclude  to revisit a reading/paper quickly  to sum up  used for talking about readings  used on Sparknotes.com
Summary	summarize anything from journals or news 
Summary	describing something in your own words  not very long  overview of what was saw or read
Summary	anaylze and report something using only important information  giving specific reasoning
Summary	overview  brief explanation
Summary	the conclusion or end  main idea in a nutshell  small
Summary	school  pointless  hate writing them  
Summary	Immediate
Summary	brief overview  explains what something is about
Summary	Parts of a whole  pieces  over view    
Summary	end  all together  books  magazines  read
Summary	a brief explanation of a story  meeting  event  etc. Describes what has happened. Short and to the point  not too many details but enough to describe what is going on or has happened.
Summary	report  paper  final  book  brief  outline
Summary	paper  novel  short version of a story
Summary	is a short statement referring back to something
Summary	a mass of all the information condensed into a small paragraph  reviews main points  a sneak peek to the actual piece  an ending
Summary	a brief description of an event or what is read
Summary	brief  conclusion  main points  things to remember  important  key facts  definitions  theories  chapters  paragraphs.
Summary	is a description  can be given orally or written  gives a shortened description of an event/story/etc
Summary	page in length  no formatting pages  usually over a book  usually about some thing
Summary	condenses a body of text into a main idea  simplifies a text  provides quick access to main points in a source of information
Summary	is a collective overview of something  describes something as a whole in a condensed version  is shorter than what it is summarizing  is helpful for college slackers  
Summary	the story  telling what happened in a shorter length of time
Summary	overall ideal of something  helps people to better understand  found in movies  books  and TVs
Summary	a conclusion of something u may have read or seen  goes at the end  can be long or short  
Summary	short explination about something. Explaining in a shorter manner what something means or does or how something happend. A story or definition. 
Summary	end  quick  last thoughts
Summary	synopsis  basic idea  overview  of a movie  play  or event  a person's basic idea of what happened
Summary	putting all the pieces of an idea together to form a basic understanding of the topic  a form of writing
Summary	the wrapped up version of something longer; a way to refresh in your mind what you just read over or learned  study technique  part of an essay or literary work.
Summary	involves reading  involves putting something into one's own words  involves picking out main ideas  involves writing or typing
Summary	paraphrase  restate  a group of sentences  topic  essay
Summary	Story  ideas
Summary	puts a group of ideas stated into a smaller version that is easier to understand 
Summary	The End  
Summary	main points  outline of something that happened  short  brief
Summary	collection of everything said before hand  at the end of papers  usually helpful when studying  a sum-up  basically SparkNotes
Summary	a synopsis of a longer work  often found on the back cover of a book
Summary	main point of a book or story  end report of a game  end report of a science experiment
Summary	End of something  gives information about a subject
Summary	books  novel  english class  
Summary	end of paper  end of book  end of chapter
Summary	Long  boring
Summary	to tell about everything you just read or did in short form without saying all details 
Summary	a brief generalization 
Summary	conclusion  retell  end  over 
Summary	a paragraph  a paper  description  describing a topic  going over what you have learned  going over what you have read  re-thinking things  organizing what you learned on your own  putting things in your own words  and putting things in your own perspective.
Summary	assigned by teachers  sums up a bigger source
Summary	an overall statement  something we make after reading something long  is a shortened set of sentences  sums up everything stated before  used in book reports or papers
Summary	outline  book  article
Summary	The end.  Retelling information from a story in very few words.
Summary	the conclusion  end of paper
Summary	The main points of something  the overall theme or what you are suppose to know from the information.
Summary	paragraph  stories
Summary	is a general description of something  such as a book or bank activity.
Summary	what something is  what somthing means
Summary	in total  all together  the complete package
Ticket	Not totally sane  mentally not normal  a word used to describe something unusual  it can be measured differently by people.
Ticket	not in right mind  irrational  beyond not normal
Ticket	access to an event  paper or electronic  needed for certain events
Ticket	game  movie  concert  expensive  fun  enjoyable  
Ticket	movies  concert  game  expensive  cheap  exciting  frustrating  cops  money  parking  mad.
Ticket	A piece of paper. Sometimes helps you get into a show of some kind. Sometimes records a crime and the fine that you owe because of said crime.
Ticket	Movies 
Ticket	item used to travel  typically made of some sort of paper substance  used for entertainment purposes  use of payment representation of illegal behavior
Ticket	for many things- buses  concerts  sports events  speeding tickets  cost money usually  for movies  to board transportation
Ticket	used at sporting events  used at concerts  police give these  cost money
Ticket	speeding  fine  entrance proof  admission
Ticket	speeding  theater production ticket  movies  littering
Ticket	A piece of paper or slip  what you use to get into a movie or concert  a traffic ticket
Ticket	Something you buy to get you into a show of some sort  something police write to piss you off
Ticket	a stub  different colors  concert  movie  play  offense
Ticket	costs  is expensive  is a pass
Ticket	Fly  traviling  trip  access to somewhere  waiting in a line  airport  traffic violation.
Ticket	Plane
Ticket	what is purchased for an event or given to you in the case that you violated a law
Ticket	Police officer  speeding  wreckless driving  parking meter  concert venue  theatre performance  musicals  movie theater  entrance fee
Ticket	the thing that gives permission to attend somewhere or to ride the plane. 
Ticket	concert ticket  movie ticket  traffic ticket  a ticket could also be used to get into a certain event
Ticket	symbol of payment recieved  exchange for something  given when dissobeying law  speeding ticket 
Ticket	allowing entrance  penalty for improper behavior
Ticket	made of paper  money  can be good or bad like for a game or speeding
Ticket	box office  concert  sport game  train  keep for memories  is rectangle
Ticket	Travel
Ticket	piece of paper  shows/proof you have purchased a seat to watch a show
Ticket	Movie  concert  bands  people  fun
Ticket	bad  police  speeding
Ticket	Something to give you access to a destination  show  event  etc. A piece of paper  purchased  stub. Also a fine. Parking ticket  moving violation ticket. 
Ticket	police  money  driving  paper  play  musical  slip  violation  parking  speeding  plane  train  entitlement  document
Ticket	concert  football  basketball  movie  cops  bus  speeding  parking
Ticket	an object to get someone into somewhere 
Ticket	a piece of paper giving admittance  easy to lose  sometimes collected  given out by cops  usually expensive 
Ticket	rectangular  usually get someone in the door of a special event  comes from processed trees  can be flashy or very plain
Ticket	speeding  too much tint on windows  parking violation  seatbelt  car not meeting inspection  headlight or taillight out.
Ticket	is in paper form  used for entry into events  has to be bought unless it is a gift
Ticket	cops  police  concert  poop  rodeo  fun  cowboys  sexy
Ticket	A small  square piece of paper that provides admission to events such as concerts or a circus or onto a transportation vehicle such as a plane or train
Ticket	permits entrance  could be to a sporting event  concert  movie  dance  costs money
Ticket	parking ticket  ticket into a sporting event or some show
Ticket	can be a way to get in to an event such as a concert or show  can be consider positive or negative  recieved for driving or parking incorrectly  often are saved or rembered
Ticket	concerts  movies  proof that you purchased a seat at an event you wish to attend  the golden ticket  charlie and the chocolate factory
Ticket	Normally square or rectualngular. Obtained to gain entrance to an event or happening. Paper thin normally. Has detail of the event on it. 
Ticket	VIP  access  event  music  stub
Ticket	speeding  concert  sports game  parking  stub  price  admittance  punishment
Ticket	something that you can receive if you are breaking a law  a person can also purchase a ticket if they are trying to win money  can be purchased out of a machine or at a local gas station
Ticket	paper reciept for movies  traffic violations  raffles  parking lots  etc  shows that payment has been recieved  or that something needs to be taken care of.
Ticket	has a stub  can have a number  is used to attend a concert  is used to attend a rodeo  is used to attend a presentation or other show  is used for raffles and prizes  is given by law enforcement to violators of the law
Ticket	cops  payment  illegal activities  movies  admission  amusement parks
Ticket	Game  movie  plane  show
Ticket	usually bought  gets people into various things such as concerts  used to fly  used on buses  used on trains  usually paper  can be online
Ticket	Gets you into movies  concertes  shows  amusment parks  Cost you money especiall from cops. 
Ticket	way to get in to somewhere  you pay for it  piece of paper  gets scanned  police give it to you for traffic violations
Ticket	how youget into places  for concerts and plays and movies and parties etc  are paper  cost money  how artists make money on tours
Ticket	a paper given by a police officer denoting a fine or other penalty for breaking a law  or a pass to get into something like a movie theater or amusement park  can also be used to denote the paper rewards given by some game machines that can be redeemed for prizes
Ticket	speeding  parking  DUI  DWI  possesion of parifinalia  lottery  winning  concert  sporting event  play  comdey show
Ticket	Movies  gets you admitted in something  parking violation
Ticket	speeding ticket  shows  movies  
Ticket	speeding  cops  sports
Ticket	baseball  money  expensive
Ticket	someway of entering an event
Ticket	something that allows admission  a citation given by law officials  a piece of paper that tells you information
Ticket	play  pulled over  pay a fine  police officer  highway patrol  movie  game 
Ticket	to a movie  to a sports event  parking tickets  speeding tickets  tickets from police men  tickets from ticket booths  can be bad  can be good  shows your admittance to events  shows amount owed for doing something wrong.
Ticket	used to get in somewhere  usually made of paper  usually printed out  costs money  tells you important information
Ticket	is a way of proving we have paid for something  is made of paper of some sort usually  can be for sales  concerts  movies  or other events
Ticket	movie  show  game  small ticket
Ticket	Circus.  Free tickets are handed out at high schools every year.  
Ticket	to movies  parking violation
Ticket	Used to get into games  concerts and events to ensure no more people are in the area then aloud or that payed to attend the event. Also used for illegal purposes to pay fines for illegal actions.
Ticket	parking tickets  cops  getting pulled over
Ticket	is made of paper  is issued by people of authority  can be miniscule or can ruin one's life  is expected to be paid on time  generally makes people angry or upset. is a piece of paper or an electronic statement documenting travel information  necessary to fly on a plane or board a ship. is an essential piece of paper in earning prizes at arcades  obtained by playing games well.
Ticket	paper  gets you into events  can be used by cops to punish you
Ticket	is a piece of paper  can be used to get into an event or can be issued to a person not obeying the law by an officer
Warm	Sweet treats. Chocolate. Sweet tarts. Given out on Halloween  Valentine's day  Christmas. Suckers  gum  licorice  jaw breakers  
Warm	hard  soft  colorful  sweet  sugar  for treats  not for all the time eating  delicious  edible
Warm	fuzzy feeling  heat  not too hot  sunlight
Warm	blanket  comfortable  happy  feelings  times  holidays  family  
Warm	cold  soup  sweater  summer  swim suit  tan  pool  jacket  shorts  hot tub  shower  coffee  hot chocolate  perfect weather.
Warm	Describes the temperature of an object or the weather.
Warm	Winter coat 
Warm	a way of feeling  a description of an individual or location  adjective
Warm	hot  beaches are usually warm  temperate  soothing  relaxing  comfortable
Warm	opposite of cold  the sun makes things warm  
Warm	temperature  tea  weather
Warm	cuddly  cozzy  blanket  sweatpants  sweatshirt  spring   summer  shower  soup
Warm	Summertime  the beach  the sun
Warm	standable heat
Warm	cozy  generates heat  not cold
Warm	is like the sun
Warm	Hot  summer  hug  blanket
Warm	Happy  love  blankets  fire  summertime  better than being cold  sweat
Warm	in between cold and hot
Warm	Opposite of cold  created by heat  feels good  fire and flame  laying clothes/using heavy clothes to keep warm  type of weather  summertime
Warm	the weather after the summer 
Warm	temperature of anything  way of descirbing the outisde
Warm	temperature that is above average  cannot be meassured specifically upon the context 
Warm	comfortable  welcoming  temperature  pleasant  inviting
Warm	animals  hugs  summer  the beach  the sun  lots of blankets  provides feelings of contentedness
Warm	weather  sweaters  coffee  is much better than cold  
Warm	Summer 
Warm	not cold  summer/spring  weather  
Warm	Beach  sun  hot  short  swim   
Warm	pee  sun  fire  outside  grass 
Warm	The opposite of cold. A feeling. To be comfortable  well sheltered. Near a fire  wrapped in blankets  drinking warm beverages. Wearing socks. 
Warm	hot  fire  red  water  food  oven  sun 
Warm	fire  blanket  opposite of cool  feelings  hot chocolate  coffee  soup  summer  wool socks
Warm	is when something is not too hot  not too cold
Warm	happy  a perfect medium  content  not cold nor cool  beach time  shorts and t-shirt weather  tropical  island  windows down with loud music blarring
Warm	a feeling  temperature  in the middle of hot and cold
Warm	weather  heart  blankets  microwave  fire  feeling  touch  overheating  bonfire  water  temperature  warm-up  farenheit  celsius  heat index.
Warm	feels hot  comes from the sun or another object that is hot  can cause the skin on a human to burn
Warm	can make people sweat  body temperatures  can be brutal  depend on the person
Warm	Relative measure of heat  has more heat than surrounding things  hot without being uncomfortably so
Warm	is a feeling  you can get it with slippers  a blanket  warm water  and love  is a good thing  is opposite of cold  is summer time  is hot tubs  and love letters
Warm	weather  outside  stove
Warm	is hot  represents weather  grouped with temperture  thought to be good
Warm	the sun  southern states  close to the equator  retired people  opposite of cold  any temperature above 68 degrees F  no goosebumps  fuzzy feeling  
Warm	Sun  beach  pools  summertime  high temperatures  tanning  longer days and more sunlight. The warmer climates that are closer to the equator. Florida. 
Warm	blanket  coffee  family  love  friends   winter  summer  beach
Warm	covered  heat  body  sun  summer  heart  sense of humor  sweaty
Warm	the opposite of cold  a high or fairly temperatures  a common word to describe weather in the spring or summer
Warm	heat  opposite of cool  could be related to weather  personality  color hue  etc.
Warm	feels slightly heated  feels good in the winter  is outside in the late spring and early fall
Warm	Summer  breeze  ocean  inside  blankets  jackets  fur  food  coffee
Warm	Winter  summer  jacket  blanket  heater
Warm	opposite of cold  heat  something everything needs in the wintertime  something that occurs in the summer time  radiates from fire  caused from friction  
Warm	Is a feeling  Is cozy  
Warm	like fire  summer time  jackets  a temperature  opposite of cold
Warm	favorite  wear a sweater to get  by a fire  cozy  good for food to be  like hot chocolate and coffee  sounds good in the wnter time  how i always want my car in the winter  
Warm	a temperature word  typically used in a relative way  somewhere between cool and hot  can be used to describe air  water  or food temperature
Warm	cozy feeling  fire in winter  cuddling  sweatshirt  wool socks  hot cocoa  temperature  food preferences
Warm	Summer  blanket  snuggle
Warm	summer  blanket  heat  sun  
Warm	shower  poop  weather
Warm	Cold  soul  heart
Warm	physically being heated being a nice  welcoming individual
Warm	cozy  comfortable
Warm	hot chocolate  blankets  socks  sweaters  sweatshirts  sweatpants  hoodies  gloves  hats  scarfs  
Warm	to be cozy  to be toasty  not cold  to be comfortable  to be in the heat  to be under a blanket  and to be snugly.
Warm	caused by blankets  spring is associated with this
Warm	opposite of cold  a temperature  what we feel during the summer months  putting on layers of clothing will help us feel this way
Warm	cozy  temperature  cold
Warm	Summer sun.  A fireplace.  
Warm	not hot but not cold something in middle  the spring
Warm	In the middle of cold and hot  can describe food  weather  and temperature.
Warm	fuzzy  comfortable
Warm	is a feeling  is a way to describe temperature.
Warm	Cozy  hot  the sun  hot choclate  soup
Warm	something that is toasty is a temperature
